Lunambra3-1

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter One - The End of Peace

Marina inhaled the fresh morning air, frowning out over the castle courtyard from the window of Prince Baeden's chambers. She was wearing a thin cotton underdress with nothing over it, the closest she could be to naked without her breasts resting in the open air. It reminded her of the first time she had laid with the Prince, and they had stood in this same spot in the pitch darkness of a moonless night as she lost both her virginity and her control of a very full bladder.

She looked down and crossed her legs tightly, holding her arms out beside her and clenching her fists. Just then, Baeden stepped out onto the balcony behind her, wearing a soft, red velvet tunic. "How are you holding up?" Baeden asked her, placing a hand on her shoulder as they stared into the bright blue sky.

"I don't know how much longer I have. I've already leaked quite a bit under my dress."

Baeden looked down and saw many droplets of wetness darkening the light stone of the balcony between her legs. She turned to him and grasped the front of her dress, pulling it up to her chest. The hair between her legs was glistening, and her belly bulged out nearly three inches past its usual location. He stepped up to her and embraced her, placing his own large hand on her desperate bladder. She leaned up and kissed him. "It's so full. If I had actually been pregnant, this is probably how I would look all the time. It's been five months."

"We've hardly talked about that," Baeden whispered. "Tell me, and be truthful. Did you want a child?"

"No," Marina said adamantly. "I did not want a child, and I doubt that I ever will. But with the potential for pregnancy, came the potential for escape from this place. That is something I will always want, on some level. Anyway, it is not worth thinking about. We're having some morning fun, let us not spoil it with this talk."

"As you say," Baeden responded with a grin. He leaned forwards reached his other hand between her legs, gingerly stroking along her slit with his middle finger. She shuddered and gasped, pressing her face into his chest. He continued this motion as she continued shaking from the sensations. "You've gotten so much stronger down there since I watched you soak yourself on the road," Baeden said, chuckling softly. "As you are now, I bet you could drink half a barrel then walk to Valdus and back, with time left for a spot of tea upon your return. You are truly impressive."

Marina blushed as she rocked back and forth against his finger. It was almost true. During the time they had been a couple, they had tracked her abilities in holding her water. In the first month, she only had to drink a liter of water to cause herself to burst. Three months in, and none of it came out against her will. When she let it go, it filled about three fourths of the tankard she drank it out of. And so Baeden had her drink two. After four hours of desperate squirming, moaning, and gasping into the Prince's bed, she burst all over the large piece of furniture. No warning, no leaking, no hope to avoid it. It had taken two nights and a lot of stealth on Baeden's part to clean the mess. It was only three weeks ago that she drank two liters of water and contained it for over ten hours, at which point the Prince told her to let go to measure. She filled one and a half single-liter jars.

This present day, at the crack of dawn three hours ago, Baeden had watched her drink down three liters of water over the course half an hour, more than she had ever tried before. In order to avoid an event the likes of the bed incident, Marina agreed to move to the balcony once she was truly desperate.

"You should let go of my belly," she told Baeden. "You want me to hold the new amount of water as long as I possibly can, but you're nearly squeezing it out of me. He quickly released her and stepped back, looking over the beautiful woman. Every time he saw her, he thought about how flawless she was in every single way. The wavy red hair, down to the smooth, curved shoulders that led into sleek, toned arms. When he had first seen her naked, she was slender, almost too skinny. In his care and with his training, she had grown into an athletic, powerful woman. Her breasts were firm and her nipples pointed towards the rising sun. Her legs were long and pale, having rarely been exposed to sunlight. Baeden watched, hypnotized, as said legs quivered in desperation. He watched another drop leak out of her and land between them. She smiled up at him, then lurched forwards as a second-long spray hit the ground with force.

"This is it," she gasped.

"Alright, if you're-" A loud knock echoed through Baeden's chamber, followed by the sound of metal clanking. "Someone's unlocking my door, what in the..." He pushed Marina behind the balcony door and leaned out, looking to the door. It flew open and an armored man stormed into the room.

"It's General Gaston," Baeden whispered. "Marina, you HAVE to hold it in just a little longer, he'll hear the splattering. He's not like the common guards who don't care who I bed, he cannot find you here."

Marina nodded fearfully, clamping her legs together and pressing a hand between them. Baeden stepped out of cover and strode into his chamber. "General, what is the meaning of this? What gives you the right to enter my chamber unannounced? I should have you to court," Baeden shouted threateningly.

"What did you do, Baeden?" Gaston yelled back.

"You're going to have to be a little more specific," Baeden responded, meeting the much larger man face-to-neck.

Gaston was breathing heavily, obviously furious for some unknown reason. "Jarkan's siege, five months ago. What did you do to their ambassador? A letter arrived by a royal courrier just this morning, saying that you taunted and humiliated her outside the front gates of this city."

"What do you mean, 'what did I do'? You were there, you saw what happened."

"I was not," Gaston said angrily. "When their catapult went off, I ran to see where it struck. By the time I got back to the wall, everyone was gone except for two guards who told me a deal was made for some land. Tell me now, what happened?"

Baeden sighed. "We made a deal, and then she asked to be let into the city to relieve herself. You know the gate was completely sealed. She ended up wetting herself on our front step. It was no blame of mine."

Gaston blustered out a series of curses. "You know that's not true," he hissed, pointing a finger directly in Baeden's face. "You know the other gate was only barred, or you could have dropped her a key to one of the drainage tunnels. You fight with honor, but when using words as weapons, you have the honor of a child of five. She seeks two thousand gold pieces in damages for what you've done, or she threatens to cast a blight upon our city."

Baeden sighed. "You are my General. You should be smarter than this. Magic is not real."

"It is," Gaston spat. "I seen it with my own-"

"Myeeeehhh-"

Gaston squinted and looked up as he heard the strange whine. "What the hell was that?" he mumbled. And then he started towards the balcony. Baeden sprinted forwards and grabbed his shoulder.

"It's nothing, General. It's just a bird. I hear it sometimes, in the mornings."

"I've never heard any bird like that," Gaston said, but he shrugged and turned around. Just then, the sound of a bucket of water striking stone sounded from the balcony. He tore his shoulder away from Baeden and spun back for the glass door, and he stepped out onto the balcony just as Baeden grabbed him again. "RELEASE ME," Gaston roared, spinning out of his grip. And then his eyes fell on her.

"What in God's name," he whispered as he stared at the red-haired girl, standing in the corner with tears in her eyes and her thin dress pulled above her womanhood as pee trickled onto the stone from between her legs. There was a small puddle beneath her. Baeden guessed that a short torrent had burst out of her, making far too much noise before she was able to close it off.

"You ANIMAL!" Gaston screamed in an absolute rage. "How did you climb up here? You'll be executed for-" Gaston was cut off by Baeden crashing into him, slamming him into the tall stone railing that surrounded the balcony. Gaston spun with his fist raised in a mighty backhand that Baeden dodged by inches. The armored man absorbed a right hook from Baeden and returned with a left uppercut that sent the Prince flying. Baeden hit the ground rolling, and charged back in low to the ground, grasping Gaston's right leg. The General raised both of his fists, coated in plate over chain gauntlets, and slammed them into Baeden's back.

The Prince shouted out in pain, but managed to keep his footing as he threw himself forwards, bringing Gaston up and crashing him down onto his back. Gaston coughed and blinked, a distraction just long enough for Baeden to tear his helmet off his head and toss it aside, before he delivered a series punches so fast that Marina couldn't have counted them if she tried. She stood in the same spot, crying and leaking, as Baeden postured up and landed a final thunderous blow to Gaston's forehead, knocking the man out cold.

Baeden stood up, holding his back and wincing. He turned to Marina, watched her stare helplessly at him as she still held herself. "What do we do?" she breathed, obviously terrified.

Baeden looked between her and Gaston. The Queen would accept Baeden's excuse of protecting the girl, as Gaston absolutely would have killed her on the spot. But he would not be able to protect Marina's place in the city. Finally, he looked up to the woman he truly loved. More than his Kingdom, more than his family, more than his title.

"We run."

