Title: The Secret Competition
	Entry to: Month 28
By: Neil and Rosemary

Hillary and Rosemary continued to have their regular Thursday night meetings, when desperation and similar topics would often be discussed, past experiences recalled, and fantasies invented. Rosemary would recount much of this to her partner Neil, though of course she kept some things back, as girls secrets. Without it ever being actually agreed, Hillary was aware that Neil was hearing about her experiences and fantasies, and she was hearing of some of Neil's, but when it came to them meeting and discussing their mutual interest, then they both hesitated. Rosemary had hinted about them meeting, particularly as she thought a Hillary against Neil holding contest would be fun to watch, as she estimated their capacities to be nearly equal.

"I'd be embarrassed to talk about it to a bloke," confessed Hillary, "even Neil, even knowing he is really interested."

"It's something very intimate, sexual, like kissing or maybe even sleeping together," agreed Neil, when Rosemary told him of Hillary's reaction. 

Since Rosemary had always been suspicious that Neil's liking of Hillary was not entirely platonic, she did not push the subject any further. It was Hillary's partner, Steve, the only one of the four who had absolutely no interest in desperation, who provided the catalyst that brought the other three together. His sister had bought a derelict house in rural France, and wanted help restoring it.

She was offering a camping holiday in the grounds of the house, tents and everything provided, in exchange for some work on the house, and Steve, encouraged by the friendship between Hillary and Rosemary, suggested they took an early summer break. As he was also offering to drive everyone down there, there really was no reason not to go. They would take an over-night ferry to Brittany, and then drive to Jane's house.

The idea that this might be something other than an un-eventful drive was planted by Neil, when he looked up the route on a map, and told Rosemary "It's going to take about four to five hours, through a really rural part of France, so don't drink too much coffee at breakfast, because there won't be any 'Happy Eaters' or public loos for you to stop at."

Rosemary sniffed disdainfully at this, not because she would not need a loo during a five hour drive, which she certainly would, but, as Neil well knew, she had never had any reservations about peeing behind bushes, hedges, dustbins, or parked cars, nor would she be shy about telling Steve to stop to let her pee. But a long drive with nowhere definite or obvious to stop always had possibilities. For the first time she regretted that Hillary knew about their interest in desperation. It would have been fun to try to get her bursting but not wanting to ask Steve to stop with other people in the car. From there, it wasn't a big leap to the idea of a three-way waiting contest, which Neil was immediately enthusiastic about.

Hillary needed more persuading, but came round to the idea, after convincing herself that she could win easily. She really wanted to see a man absolutely flat out, fighting to hold his pee, and if Rosemary was bursting as well, then that would be even better. Her only reservation was that as Steve disliked the whole idea of pee related topics, he would be upset at this going on in his car, but Rosemary convinced her that if one rule was that he should not know what was happening, it would be more fun, and more realistic.

Long experience of holding competitions had taught Neil and Rosemary that handicaps were needed to ensure that all the contestants reached their limits at about the same time. Neil, they knew, had to drink about twice as much as Rosemary to reach the same level as desperation, and her estimation was that Hillary had the same capacity as Neil, so they should start equal. Hillary regretted the times she had boasted about how long she could hold her pee, but, as Rosemary was setting the handicaps, trusted her to be biased towards another girl, and accepted her arrangements. 

The week before their holiday all three were becoming excited about the contest, the first three-way one Neil and Rosemary had ever tried, and the first ever for Hillary. Neil was determined to win this, not only because of male pride, but because he wanted to see Rosemary, and specially Hillary, absolutely desperate. He was proud of his huge bladder capacity, but to make sure of victory he drank as little as possible in the two days before they left.

Taking this very seriously indeed, he also planned to wear loose fitting jeans that would not put any pressure on his swollen bladder. Rosemary had set the handicap as far in her favour as she could, because she wanted to enjoy the others' desperation while still relatively comfortable. Hoping to distract Neil, and because she wanted to look her most alluring, she planned to wear skin tight white jeans (Neil's favourite,) with thong knickers. 

If she got really desperate, she could always undo the zip to ease the pressure on her bladder, and further distract Neil. Hillary opted for khaki slacks , close fitting enough to be sexy without putting undue pressure on her bladder, which she expected to become swollen and painfully tender, with cotton knickers that made a clearly visible line under the thin material. Being new to holding contests, she didn't how far the other two were prepared to go, but she intended to force herself to the limit. She drank several Tequila shots on the ferry, knowing this would dehydrate her for the following morning. By strange co-incidence, both Neil and Rosemary were also drinking spirits instead of beer that night.

The next morning Rosemary presented the list of drinks they had to consume, starting with bottles of mineral water each before they docked, coffee and juice at breakfast in the port caf', then more bottled water during the journey. Then they all went to the loo and the contest was on. The coffee at breakfast was strong and delicious, as only the French know how to brew it, so there was no difficulty in them drinking the extra cups required, and Neil showed off by having an extra cup, shaming Hillary into doing the same. A final glass of water to rinse their mouths, then, so as Steve would not suspect anything, they all made a show of going in the loo before setting off. 

Rosemary had drawn the 'short straw' and sat in the front, where Steve was most likely to notice her struggles to hold out, while Hillary and Neil in the back would have a good view of her desperation, but less room to cross their legs. Having no illusions about Hillary's map reading, and not expecting any better of Rosemary (correctly, Neil,), Steve had the route clipped to the dash board. Neil did not offer to help, not wanting the distraction of map reading in the later stages of the contest. Making a show about not carrying half-empty water bottles, Neil insisted they all finish their mineral water, putting everyone ahead of Rosemary's schedule, and, he hoped, getting her to drink more than her share.

For the first hour of the journey, they were all trying so hard to act normally, and ignore the suppressed anticipation of the excitement to come. It was a wonder that Steve did not suspect something, as their conversation was stilted, like something out of a bad sit-com, and Hillary and Rosemary dared not look at each other for fear of having a giggling fit. Rosemary was making a great show of trying to follow Steve's route without turning to map round so they were always going upwards, while Hillary alternated between advising Rosemary and studying Neil's crutch for the first signs of desperation. She was willing him to be wanting to go badly, and to start fidgeting and crossing his legs, forgetting the First Law of Waiting "If you think about loos you will soon want to go," with the result that she was starting to feel an uncomfortable fullness in her bladder.

Neil was happy to allow himself to become distracted by Rosemary's trousers, which were as tight as he had ever seen her wear. Rosemary, he thought, knew that there was nothing like tight white trousers to get him going, and he was sure that she had worn these deliberately to please him, even though it was not going to help her in the contest. They were stretched so tight at the front and between her legs, that her bladder must be compressed already, and would have no chance of swelling as it filled.

He then glanced sideways at Hillary. She really was stunning, too good to be true almost, a real beauty, fabulous figure, but what a pity she wasn't wearing trousers as tight as Rosemary's. She was being sensible, but at least he could see the outline of her knickers, and they were far too small to be called sensible. Neil relished this double attraction of these two attractive girls, and felt his breathing and pulse rate increase as he anticipated their desperation to come. In some ways he wished he was driving, so he could be deliberately difficult about stopping when they gave up and admitted to wanting to pee.

Rosemary was becoming aware that Neil's gaze was straying towards Hillary far too often. Drawing lots for the shotgun seat had been taking fairness too far. Hillary should be sitting there, next to her man, or Neil, so he could read the map for Steve. Since they both had better bladders that her, one of them should be sitting where it was going to be most difficult to hold out without Steve noticing. Worse, a nasty, sharp urge to pee had crept up on her, and she was having to cross her legs to ease the strain on her bladder.

She had resolved that she would overcome the disadvantage of her seat and make herself win, and suddenly there were the first signs that she was having a small bladder day. She spent the next five minutes concentrating exclusively on her bladder, pressing her thighs tightly together, screwing up all her 'controlling muscles,' as she called them, willing the urge to pee to go away. As long as she kept this effort up she hardly wanted to go, but as soon as she relaxed, she wanted to go again. Why was she expecting any different, The Second Law of Waiting said; "Once you want to go, it never gets any better, only worse, until you pee."

Neil's practised eye had noted this early sign of discomfort from Rosemary with some regret. He had been hoping that Hillary would be the one to fail first, she was the one he wanted to see going right to the limit of desperation, on the brink of wetting herself, or even being unable to prevent a leak or two. So far, nothing seemed to be bothering her, and, not for the first time, he wished he had some psychic power that allowed him to influence other people's bladders.

For the next half hour, nothing appeared to change, except all three bladders were filling fast, and then Hillary crossed her legs tightly. She had been holding out as long as she could, fighting her increasing bladder pressure by curling up her toes, knocking her knees together, shifting her weight about, thinking that no-one would notice, but eventually the need to pee had become too great to ignore any longer.

Rosemary had had her legs crossed for ages, and Neil had been sitting part sideways to make room to cross his at frequent intervals, and then had appeared to be almost openly squeezing his cock. She could not believe he wanted to go that badly already, so he had to be acting, and that wasn't helping her wait one bit. As she twisted her legs tightly together to contain a sudden, sharp urge to pee, she wondered if Rosemary was also putting it on, and wasn't so desperate after all. 

Rosemary had been turning round to talk to Neil, and they had been using some peculiar phrases, and the occasional strange gesture, which could have been some private code referring to their, or her, state of desperation. Could this be one elaborate set-up' Was she to be the victim who would be on the brink of pissing her knickers while they watched with half full bladders' The thought of such trickery strengthened her resolve to win this contest, to make herself hold out until one of them cried defeat and begged Steve to stop. The image of Rosemary holding her crutch with both hands, going beyond her limit, or Neil gripping his cock but still not able to prevent a spurt into his jeans, was suddenly very attractive, even if it meant she had to stretch her bladder to new limits.

Rosemary and Neil had indeed been exchanging signs, their own special code by which Rosemary had said she really bursting, legs crossed, and Neil had admitted he was in a similar condition, and was concerned about Hillary, who was not showing any signs of desperation. Neil was more worried than he was letting on, even to Rosemary, because whatever position he tried sitting, there wasn't room to get comfortable now his bladder was full. Just squeezing his cock occasionally was not doing much to help, other that give him a pleasant feeling. 

What was Hillary feeling he wondered. It would be a disaster if Rosemary had bungled the handicapping and she wasn't getting desperate. To try to help her along he took a big drink of water and then offered the bottle to Hillary, who refused, then took an even longer drink from her own bottle. Neil drank again, forcing Hillary to do the same, almost emptying the bottle. Rosemary smiled to herself when she saw this. There was still over 30 minutes before they had to finish that bottle of water, she still had half left and wasn't drinking another drop until she had to. 

As Hillary finished her bottle of water she wondered if she was being clever in getting Neil to drink more, or stupid in letting him egg her into drinking more that she had to. Not having Rosemary's experience of waiting contests, she had not grasped the concept of waiting until the last minute before drinking your water allowance. Like Neil she was sitting partly sideways, because to sit straight meant she had her legs spread either side of the front seat, and she wanted to pee far too badly to be able to sit like that. Neil, for all his expertise, had not noticed how tense Hillary was.

She might not have crossed her legs yet, but she was doing just about everything else to help herself wait, pressing knees and thighs together, pushing herself back in the seat, even curling up her toes as she struggled not to reveal her condition. Another few minutes and she gave up. It was obvious that Rosemary was desperate, she hadn't uncrossed her legs for ages, and Neil would not be sitting like he was unless he needed to. Hillary squirmed about on the back seat, trying to turn away from Neil as she crossed her legs. The last drink seemed to have gone straight to her bladder, and suddenly she really was desperate.

Another 30 minutes of stilted conversation, becoming more sporadic as three of the occupants became increasingly pre-occupied with their rising bladder pressure. Hillary was now seriously desperate, still in full control so long as she kept her legs plaited, but her bladder was bursting, throbbing, and starting to feel swollen with the pee she was holding. If she had been waiting alone, she would have been looking for somewhere to pee now, but she was determined no to be the first to give up in her first contest.

Neil's leg crossing had hardly changed, but his bladder felt much fuller, aching as the pressure built up. He knew from long experience of holding that if he could bear the discomfort he could wait for ages like this, his bladder hurting more and more, but the actual urge to pee still controllable, while, presumably, his bladder could still expand. Then it would reach some limit, and quite suddenly he would need to pee really urgently, really have to struggle to wait. Today, he was hoping that by the time he reached that stage, either Rosemary, or preferably Hillary, would be breaking down, hands pressed between their legs, about to give up. 

Rosemary was the first to show signs that she was nearing her limit, pressing her fingers between her legs and keeping them there, hiding this from Steve with the map. She had intended to just hold for a few moments to ease the strain on her bladder, but once she started it felt so good she didn't want to let go. As Neil had anticipated, her jeans were becoming a major problem, pressing painfully on her swelling bladder, making her want to pee even more badly. After holding her crutch for five minutes without it making her feel any less desperate, she was forced to undo her zip, taking some pressure off her bladder, and then, not much later, the top button of her jeans, giving her bladder room to swell. Trouble was, she thought ruefully, it was already swollen just about as much as it could be; it simply was not big enough to stretch any more.

Keeping her hand pressed hard into her crutch, she turned to Neil to see how he and Hillary were getting on, admitting to herself that she wasn't going to be able to hold out much longer. Neil indicated that he still could not see any definite sign that Hillary was really bad. She had her legs crossed tightly, but no other indication of desperation. His coded message to Rosemary was that he was 'desperate but stable' meaning that his bladder was bursting, throbbing with the pressure of pee in it, but he was still in full control, in no danger of letting go, or even needing to hold himself, for some time.

Unless he was bluffing, and his body language told her he wasn't, then Rosemary was resigned to losing yet another contest to him. All she could hope for now was to beat Hillary, and that did not seem likely either. Considering she had set the handicap, this was a disgraceful lack of bladder control, and she resolved that somehow, however, much it hurt, and it was beginning to hurt, she would hold on until Hillary gave up.

Hillary was in a worse state than either Neil or Rosemary imagined. She might have looked OK, just with legs crossed, but inside her knickers she was really struggling. Unlike Rosemary, who would hold her crutch when she was merely desperate, just to ease the strain on her bladder, Hillary regarded holding as the absolute last resort, done only when there was no other way of holding her pee. (Maybe this was because Rosemary knew that Neil liked seeing her holding her crutch, while Steve would have thought Hillary a disgusting little girl if he had seen her doing it.)

So, Hillary was in fact absolutely desperate, really fighting to hold back her pee, her bladder so full that it felt as if it was sticking out about 6 inches, and the elastic of her knickers was cutting into it painfully. Only once, in her modelling days, she had been this desperate i, and she was afraid she was getting close to her limit. Then she realised that Rosemary was holding herself under cover of the map, and that gave her heart to fight on, forcing herself to ignore the pain from her bladder, certain that Rosemary would have to give up soon.

Neil was continuing to infuriate Hillary, sitting with his legs crossed and hands in his lap, probably regularly squeezing his cock, so she imagined him to be close to peeing in his jeans, yet he had been like this for ages and not getting any worse. Because she would never consider holding herself until she was absolutely at her limit, she assumed that Neil and Rosemary would be the same, particularly in front of Steve. She could not understand how Rosemary had been holding her crutch for nearly twenty minutes and not wet herself. Neil was the least desperate of the three, but that was relative, and his bladder was bursting with pee, swollen and throbbing with the pressure inside.

This, he knew from long experience of holding it, was the last stage before the real, frantic need to pee when he would have to hold his cock or risk leaking into his pants. He never knew how long this stage would last. Sometimes only ten minute, other times he could hold on like this for 30 minutes or more, his bladder seeming to keep stretching indefinitely, or at least until he had won the contest. Today he was determined he was going to hold it for ages, or at least until one of the girls gave up. They had never thought about deciding the winner. The loser would be the first to ask to pee, but once Steve stopped they would all have to go, even if he, or Hillary could last a bit longer.

Ten, fifteen minutes past, Rosemary was really fighting for control, pressing between her legs with all her strength, reaching the limits of her ability to hold back her pee. She twisted round in the seat, turning away from Steve so she could press her hand harder into her crutch, and also to see what Hillary and Neil were doing. Hillary still wasn't holding herself, and while Neil had his hands over his cock, she knew that he wasn't seriously holding himself. It was no good, she simply could not wait much longer, and neither of the other two looked likely to give up. She was going to lose another contest; the pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable, even with her jeans undone, and she could only contain it by holding her crutch. 

Trying to sound casual, she said "Steve, do you think you could stop somewhere soon. I'm afraid I overdid it with the coffee at breakfast and need a loo already."

"Sure, as soon as I see somewhere," replied Steve.

They were driving through a mixture of farmland and woods, with the occasional small village, and Rosemary could see dozens of suitable places; she never had any qualms about peeing in the open air, and now she was so desperate she would have happily squatted by the side of a motorway, so she assumed that Steve was looking for somewhere to park off he road. 

Just as Rosemary conceded the contest, Hillary was wondering how she could possibly last another second without holding herself. She had been gritting her teeth with the effort of containing her pee, clenching her fists and knocking her knees together as a last resort, revealing to Neil just how desperate she was. The thought of being able to pee soon was the last straw, and she had to clamp her hand between her legs to avoid letting go a spurt of pee. Like Rosemary, she assumed that Steve would stop almost instantly, and it would not be a moment too soon.

Anticipation was also doing terrible things to Rosemary's bladder, and she was having to use both hands to hold back her pee, pressing with all her might, shaking with the effort she was making. 

She had zipped up her jeans, ready to get out, and the extra pressure on her bladder was agony. When Steve hadn't stopped after two or three minutes, the pressure was unbearable, even holding with both hands, and to her intense mortification, she could not stop a spurt of pee leaking past her fingers and into her jeans. The horror of what she had done helped her get control again, but when Steve still didn't stop in the next wood, she could not avoid another leak, and she could feel the warm wetness spreading between her legs. Neil had signalled to her that Hillary was holding her crutch, and looked close to giving up, so Rosemary was determined that she wasn't going to ask Steve to stop again. She hoped that the pee she had let go would ease the pressure in her bladder a bit, but instead she seemed to be even more frantic.

Hillary, having survived so long without giving any external signs of desperation, had suddenly gone to the other extreme now she was anticipating a pee. More that anyone in the car, she did not want Steve to have any idea of how desperate she was. She was on the brink of wetting herself, yet could hardly say anything, only sit in frantic silence, holding between her legs and praying that he would stop before she lost control. Neil could not take his eyes off her struggles, even knowing that Rosemary was going frantic in the front seat, and he had hardly ever seen anyone so desperate as Hillary. 

Forced to sit still and in silence, least Steve notice something, she was pressing between her legs with both hands, eyes shut with the effort she was making. Neil could imagine her crying 'Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!' with desperation, as he could see her fingers pressing harder in time with her silent anguish. Her bladder had been filled to its limit, and it was only a mental picture of how visible the wet patch would be on her khaki trousers that gave her the strength to hold back her pee.

Only Neil was still in control of his bladder, and to show that he was the winner, he had moved his hands so the girls could see that he was in full control without needing to squeeze his cock. He had crossed his legs more tightly that he had ever thought possible, and was clenching his teeth and hands with desperation, but he was still far better off than the two girls, neither of whom were capable of taking any interest in his condition.

To Rosemary, who had just let another dribble of pee leak into her jeans, and Hillary, who, by some superhuman effort had just held back a spasm from her bladder, every second that Steve kept driving was half a lifetime. Forgetting all her pride, thinking only of the pee she had to have, Rosemary managed to gasp out "Loos, Steve, don't forget to stop somewhere." 

When he still kept driving, saying he had not seen any yet, Hillary was forced to admit that she also needed to pee, "Steve, this is France, there probably isn't a 'Ladies' this side of Lyon, just stop where there's some bushes, I'm sure Rosemary won't mind."

"These woods will be fine," Rosemary managed to gasp out, thinking that just about anywhere would be better that leaking into her jeans in Steve's car, and, to her intense relief, Steve pulled onto the verge almost at once. Trying to preserve some dignity, she forced herself to wait until he had stopped before getting out and hobbling into the woods. 

For a few moments she had to stop holding her crutch, and in that time she could not stop another spurt of pee into her jeans, but as soon as she had her back to the car, she was holding again. 'I am not going to run,' she told herself, trying to behave normally in front of Steve, though actually she could hardly walk she was so desperate. Hillary was out of the car almost as quickly, and hobbling beside her, also holding herself. 

"Quick! Quick, find somewhere before I burst," she gasped, "I've just got to piss or I'm going to die."

They staggered behind a clump of bramble bushes that hid them from the road, and both were fighting with belts and zips to get their jeans down, while still trying to hold themselves until the last possible second. Rosemary, knowing she was already wet, risked another leak to use both hands to peel her jeans and knickers down, and pee was trickling down her thighs as she crouched, and then released the full force of her pent-up pee.

"Oh the pressure!" she cried, as her jet began to drill a hole in the soft earth. She could not recall ever going with such force, but almost as soon as she said it, her stream slowed down to its normal flow, which she felt could go on for ever, her bladder was so full.

"Relief at last!" replied Hillary, as she let go, crouching facing Rosemary so they could see each others pee. She had been expecting to produce an even better that torrent than Rosemary, as she had never been so desperate for a pee in her life, but disappointingly, it was hardly more than her normal stream. 

Rosemary thought her pee was a record, and though she hadn't timed it, it seemed to last several minutes, but she had finished, and pulled her jeans up, and Hillary was still in full flood.

"That must be a world record," she said as Hillary finally finished and stood up, checking that her knickers and jeans were dry as she pulled them up, "I've never seen a pee like that."

"I've never wanted to pee so badly before," replied Hillary. "After you asked Steve to stop, the thought of a pee was almost too much for me. I don't know how I managed to hold it back until we stopped, I thought I was going to explode, my bladder was so full."

Rosemary felt between her legs, knowing that she hadn't managed to hold it. "Does anything show," she asked, "I left it so late before giving up, I was leaking before he stopped. I thought he would be like Neil, stop as soon as I asked." 

"Now you tell me I can see you're wet, but it does not really show unless you know what to look for. White jeans and white knickers were a far more sensible choice that mine, which would show everything."

Neil, determined to prove he was the winner, had waited at least five seconds after the girls had fled the car before casually saying "I might as well go now we are stopped," and getting out. To his annoyance, Steve decided to pee as well, and followed him into the woods. Neil had been hoping to join the girls in a group relief, comparing their floods, but not with Steve following. He went behind a tree and let his pee pour out. His bladder was absolutely bursting, but he could never produce the pressure he wanted, just an endless stream that compared with Hillary's.

He was still going long after Steve had finished, and eventually had to stop himself short so as not to look a freak. He was still trying to control this when they were all back in the car, and it was several minutes before he was able to relax. Hillary and Rosemary had changed places, so he was able to cuddle up to his partner as they enjoyed the post competition euphoria of relief. Waiting until Steve was concentrating on overtaking, Rosemary quickly pulled Neil's hand between her legs, letting him feel how wet she was, delighting in his reaction.

The rest of the journey was uneventful, except that they all still had a lot of liquid in their bodies, and by the time they arrived at Jane's they were all bursting again. This time Neil was the worst by far, not having emptied his bladder fully, and to his shame, was so desperate that he had to cut short Jane's welcome by asking for the loo. There might have been extenuating circumstances, but Rosemary felt that detracted from his claim to winning the competition. He disagreed, but not strongly, quoting the Olympic Ideal, it wasn't winning that mattered, it was taking part. The memory of Hillary going frantic next to him was more than enough reward for that morning's waiting. Hearing the details of Rosemary's desperation was a bonus he expected when they were in bed that night.

Neil and Rosemary, November 2000.

