So far, I have been amazing lucky in my life, been to fabulous places and met fantastic people. My parents are quite wealthy and live near Milan. I always wanted to do ballet but grew too tall, and ended up making connections in fashion and modelling. So I travelled widely but my parents insisted that I get a good education as well.
By age 18 I was living mostly in a house in London run by chaperones who made sure that we were looked after and always ready to run off to shows and shoots. It was here that I had an unusual experience.
I was doing a shoot somewhere in the country and as the afternoon wore on. I really began to need the toilet. However, I was in and out of outfits, working quickly as the light was going. Eventually, the photographer called it a day and I shot into the toilets.
Within seconds I was enjoying a very well earned break. It was then that I woke up! At first I did not realise what had happened. I was warm in bed. My roommate Ayla, had gotten up early as several of the girls were going out. Suspiciously I lifted the duvet and looked down. I was wearing pink cotton pyjamas, which showed exactly what I had just done. The cool air suddenly hit me too. I was very confused. I had not done that since I was a little girl.
Just then Ayla came in excitedly and threw herself on my bed. This was something we did all the time and we often shared beds too. However, this was not the right time for me. I should say that an all girl environment can be quite bitchy and modelling is probably more competitive than football. I could not afford anyone finding out.
Gently I had to reject her and feigning a headache, said I planned to miss the day out and rest. I had been very late when we got back the previous night, which I guess might have been behind my waking up too late. Ayla was disappointed but after gentle persuasion, she disappeared excitedly. I went back into my own very damp world.
Another check revealed what I feared was true, I was wet from my knees to halfway up my back, and it was obvious. There was no way I could have made it to the bathroom undiscovered, as the house was so busy. I just had to lie there and hope it would all go way.
Ayla, bless her, returned with coffee, and headache tablets, which I had to pretend to take. Again she flipped in and out the room. So did at least five other girls and the house mama. All the time I lay very still, very damp and rather horribly aware of the smell. I was grateful no one else seemed to have picked it up. 
Ayla came back and insisted I drink the coffee, which was not high on my priorities. Everyone came in and went, whilst I tried to defend my space and the book I was pretending to be interested in. I had to let them all borrow clothes and make–up as I dared not move.
Every time I checked, the wet seemed to have moved more and I could not believe I would be undiscovered. I began to think of what I was going to do when I got up. And how was I going to hide the wet mattress? I guessed my best plan was to pretend to have spilled the coffee.
I began to get used to laying in the wet, and if I did not move it was pleasantly warm. Although I began to want to go again, thanks to the coffee, I dared not as I was sure that it would spread even more. Suddenly to my horror everyone burst in, just to say a final goodbye. After a few long seconds of them leaping around, there was a call from downstairs. Their noise headed towards the front door and they were gone.
I was convinced that they would return, so continued to lie there. I could not believe that I had gotten away with it so far. There would still be people downstairs but the top floor was quiet at last. Worried that even at this late stage something was bound to go wrong, I decided to lie there until the clock reached half past. By this time I guessed that I had been laying in a soaking wet bed for an hour and a half.
I pulled back the duvet and slowly sat up. Suddenly it was very cold. I was sitting in the most enormous wet patch, my soaking pyjamas clinging to me. Underneath I had some rather unfortunate white knickers; they had been the first in line. Pushing the duvet to the floor, I stood slowly and pulled off my sheet. I was feeling incredibly uncomfortable but knowing that no one would come up, at least I could deal with everything.
After hiding the evidence as best I could, I grabbed a towel and went to the bathroom. Since the house was for us girls, there were huge mirrors everywhere. I saw myself walking bow legged– trying to keep my upper body from moving and hence spreading the cold around. I looked a terrible mess. Given the relief of not being discovered, and the ridiculous picture I saw, I could not help laughing for a long time.
Although I really wanted to go to the toilet again, most of all I wanted and needed to be warm– so I stepped into the shower without bothering to get undressed, hoping it would also clean up my clothing. Before I turned the water on I decided to just go to the toilet in my clothes. I spite of the state I was in I took a while to get going. Breaking all of my taboos felt very naughty and liberating. However it only warmed a bit of my body. Soon the hot shower was on full blast.
There is something really different about wearing wet clothes. I have had to do it in a number of shoots. As long as you are warm it is really quite pleasant. I peeled off my now dark pink night things to find my panties had become see–through. Getting washed was good, at least I no longer smelt like an old lady, and though it was interesting an experience, I wanted to be clean and dry again.
Wrapped in a towel I returned to my bedroom. Amazingly the duvet was almost completely dry. I took off the cover and hung the duvet out the window, as it was a nice day. I bundled all the bedclothes together for the wash. A white sheet covered the mattress. I had been told that this was to keep the dust down and prevent allergies. I do not how it works because it has got hundreds of tiny holes in, but somehow the mattress showed absolutely no signs of wet. I felt the bed very carefully and it was fine.
I realised that the sheet was waterproof too. This made sense as lots of girls only stayed at the house a short time. Then it hit me; maybe I was not the only one! I was not going to find out though as that may have meant that my secret would have to come out.
Given that the cleaners were in and the house mama, I did well to get things washed before anyone could realise it. It was a good drying day and my bed was made up before the girls all returned.
All this would never have come out at all, if it were not for my boyfriend asking me if I had ever had an accident. I had nearly forgotten about it myself. I guess my eyes widened a little bit as I remembered, and he realised I had a deep secret to share.
He has a particular interest in wet girls and he has shown me this website. I share his interest in pretty girls (true) and we both enjoy each other's games, I said at the beginning I was lucky. My view is that sex is play for adults, and we are made healthier by having fun. He got me to remember all of this and helped me to write it, as my English spelling is still not perfect. This was the only time I have wet the bed accidentally. However we will write again. Meanwhile, if any girls want to write me at vballuk [at] hotmail [dot] co [dot] uk that would be okay, but only girls please, it is a girl thing. Ciao.
By: Valjana