"Dance Studio Desperation"

Posted by DespGuy123 on September 6th, 2011 at 1:29PM

“See ya”. As I carry my guitar out of the school’s recording studio, saying bye to my bandmates, I can’t help but give a sigh of relief. I’d needed to piss quite badly before we went in there 3 hours ago, but because of our tight schedule, I didn’t have time to seek the relief I so desperately craved. We’ve been working hard to record a new song, and throughout the session I could feel my bladder getting fuller and fuller. All I could do was sit and wait, and hope that we would be finishing soon. By the time we were ready to pack up, I was crossing my legs and squeezing my cock when I thought nobody was looking. God, I have to piss so bad.

Looking at my watch, I walk across the school yard. It’s 6.30pm. I haven’t emptied my bladder since around 8.00am… 10 and a half hours ago. Damn, no wonder I have to go so desperately. It’s been a hot school day, and I’ve drunk both the 500ml bottles of water I brought with me. I’ve been bursting to piss at school before, but not like this. My school uniform is uncomfortable, my dark blue polo shirt clinging to my shoulders and my black trousers stretched tightly across my bladder, which by now is rock hard.

Quickening my pace, I grit my teeth and open the door that leads into the main school building. The boy’s toilets are three paces away, two paces, one pace. I push on the door. It doesn’t budge. I try again, pushing harder, but the door stays firmly shut. It’s locked.

‘Shit’ I mutter, grabbing my dick. Relief had seemed so close, and my urgent need has risen to an almost unbearable level. I look up and down the corridor, but nobody’s around. All I can do is hope that the toilets near the gymnasium are still open. I bend over and cross my legs, zipping up my fly which I had ripped open in urgent anticipation.

Almost jogging now, I head across to the sports building, and notice lights on in the dance studio. Glancing through the window, I see my form (homeroom) tutor inside. I have to admit it, Miss Daniels is gorgeous. She’s in her late 20s, but looks much younger, with blond hair tied back in a ponytail. She’s short, smaller than me, and being a dance teacher has a wonderful figure. She’s wearing a tight pink t-shirt and black tracksuit pants with a pink stripe down the side. I briefly wonder what she’s doing here so late, but I suppose she’s just finished teaching after school dance classes or something. I bite my lip and clench my muscles tightly as I hurry past. I’m incredibly desperate to piss, and relief is just seconds away.

Shaking with agony, I burst through the doors into the sports building, throw my guitar case down, and tear open my fly. I don’t care who sees me, all I want to do is piss, there and then. I smash into the toilet door, and gasp in alarm. Not only is the door locked, there’s a piece of paper taped just above the handle, with the words ‘Out of order until further notice’ handwritten on.

‘Ohh fuck’ I moan softly, gripping my dick tightly through my boxers. I hold myself for a few seconds more, bent over slightly at the waist. I swear under my breath in frustration as I eventually force myself to let go, and zip up my fly. Of course, the last thing I want to do is zip my cock back into my trousers, all I want to do is get to a toilet and relieve my aching bladder. The thought of the stream of piss that would erupt from my straining cock puts me into new throes of desperation and urgency. My bladder is screaming for relief. I lean back against the locked toilet door, crossing my legs as tightly as I can, moaning with frustration. I try to think rationally about my predicament. I’m in desperate need to urinate, yet all the bathrooms in the school are currently locked, or out of use.

There’s no way I can walk all the way home without losing control, especially as I have my guitar to carry. I can’t just piss outside, as there are cctv cameras all over the place, and besides, there’s not really anywhere discreet enough. Suddenly, I remember Miss Daniels, in the dance studio down the corridor. I know that teachers aren’t supposed to unlock bathrooms for students, but they all had keys in case of emergencies. I’m just gonna have to ask her, and hope that she takes pity on me once she realised just how badly I have to go.

I wrench myself away from the toilet door, and hurry down the corridor, stopping outside the dance studio. My face is already flushing with embarrassment at the thought of what I’m about to do. I’m incredibly shy about letting people know that I have to pee, especially my teachers. I see Miss Daniels every day, which just makes it more embarrassing. As I stand, hesitating, outside the dance studio doors, another wave of desperation washed over my entire body, much more powerful than before. I gasp and bite my lip, bending almost double, squeezing my dick hard with both hands. ‘Shit’ I mutter under my breath. I’d almost lost it. I’m not gonna be able to hold on much longer. I force myself to stand up as straight as I can, gritting my teeth as my bladder protests. I give myself one last quick squeeze, before turning the handle and opening the door to the dance studio, stepping through, and letting it close behind me with a click.

Miss Daniels is standing at the whiteboard on the far wall, writing notes for the next day’s classes. As the door closes behind me, she turns around, a look of surprise on her face. ‘Oh hi there, what are you doing here so late?’ she asks, resting one hand on the wall behind her, crossing her legs casually. ‘Um… hi Miss…’ I begin, blushing as I walk across the studio towards her. I stop a few paces away from her, clasping my hands tightly in front of my crotch. I long to hold myself again. ‘I’ve just been in the recording studio, and, um, well… the boy’s toilets in the main school are locked, and the ones down the corridor are out of order, and er… I really need to go.’ I laugh sheepishly and bite my lip.

‘Do you have like, a key or something? I’m really sorry to bother you’. I’m stumbling over my words, but I can’t help it. I’m dying to squirm around, or hold myself, but there’s no way I can behave like that in front of her. She smiles at me as I bend over ever so slightly, crossing my legs. ‘Actually I do have keys, but only for the girls’ toilets, not the boys’ she says sympathetically. ‘I’m really sorry.’ she adds, noticing the look of disappointment on my face. ‘I suppose you could…’ she trails off. ‘Use the girls’ toilets?’ I ask quickly, my voice tense. She nods. ‘I don’t see why not, there’s nobody around.’

‘Yeah, thanks Miss.’ I stammer breathlessly, flashing a pained smile. She walks over to where the keys are hanging up on the wall, and picks them up. ‘I’m actually bursting for the loo as well, so I know how you feel’ she says casually, and I feel my dick stiffen. She jiggles up and down slightly as she finds the right key, smiling at me coyly. ‘Oh… right’ I stammer, my voice catching in my throat. I can’t believe my luck. I follow her as she starts walking towards the door, gripping my dick tightly while she has her back to me.

She reaches the door, turns the handle, and pulls. The door stays shut. I stand slightly behind her, stepping quickly from foot to foot, hands on my hips impatiently. I don’t know how much longer I could wait, I’m bursting, my rock hard bladder squeezed tightly against the waistband of my school trousers. Miss Daniels pulls on the handle again, but the door still stays firmly shut. I hear her say ‘Oh’ quietly under her breath, and she crosses her legs tightly. She glances over her shoulder at me and I notice that she’s biting her lip. ‘It won’t open’ she says quietly. Oh God, another delay. ‘You have a go, you’re probably stronger than me’ she says, her voice tense. She steps aside, arms folded, and I walk up to the door, pulling and pushing with all my strength. ‘It’s stuck’ I mutter, glancing at Miss Daniels.

‘Oh God…’ she laughs nervously. Her legs are tightly crossed, and as our eyes met, she bobs up and down on the spot. The urgency in her eyes is clear to see. I turn my attention back to the door, realising that I can see the girls’ toilets through the narrow window. The bathroom door is just across the corridor, only yards away. Relief is tantalisingly close, and I groan in frustration, tugging violently on the handle. It stays firmly shut. I bite my lip, bouncing up and down on the balls of my feet, before stamping my foot on the floor in frustration. It wasn’t fair, I just want to piss.

‘Well… looks like we’re locked in’ Miss Daniels says quietly… biting her lip. ‘Yeah, looks like it.’ I say softly, letting go of the door handle and crossing my legs tightly. I bounce up and down on the spot, hands resting on the front of my crotch. ‘Aw, you look really desperate’ Miss Daniels says sympathetically, watching me fidget about. ‘Yeah I am...‘ I say shyly ‘… I haven’t had chance to go since this morning.’ Her eyes widen.

‘God, you must be bursting. I’ve been dying to go for a wee all afternoon but I’ve been so busy with organising coursework and dance rehearsals, then teaching extra classes after school, I just didn’t have time. I was just about to rush off to the loo before you came in…’ she trails off, stepping forward and giving one last frustrated pull on the door. She moans in frustration. ‘I think the lock’s jammed closed, what great timing’ she says, looking flustered. ‘This isn’t the first time it’s happened either. I’ll call the office, they’ll send someone with a master key to come and unlock it, that’s what they did last time.’ She looks at her watch, looking worried. ‘I just hope there’s still someone there, they might have gone home by now’.

Miss Daniels walks over the phone on the wall, picking it up and dialling in the office number. She crosses her legs tightly as she waits for someone to answer. I pace around awkwardly, squeezing my cock tightly, watching Miss Daniels in case she turns around and notices me. ‘Fuck I have to piss’ I think to myself as I bend over for a second, biting my lip. After a few seconds, she begins to speak into the phone, sounding a little annoyed. ‘Hi, it’s Emma in the dance studio, could you call me back as soon as you get this please, it’s a bit urgent. Thanks’. She puts the phone down and gives a little frustration sigh, bouncing up and down with her legs still crossed. She turns around and I quickly let go of my cock, crossing my legs as I lean back against the wall.

‘There’s nobody there, there’s an answerphone message saying they’re in a meeting which was supposed to end at half six. They should have finished by now’ she says quietly, looking at her watch again. I sigh in annoyance. ‘Ok, so we’ll just have to wait for them to call back?’ Miss Daniels nods. ‘Yeah, sorry. I feel really bad, you’re bursting for the loo and now you’re stuck in here’ she says sympathetically, noticing my frustration at being told I’ll have to wait even longer. ‘It’s OK Miss, it’s not your fault’ I say quietly, shifting my weight from foot to foot, hands resting on the front of my crotch. She smiles. ‘I just hope they hurry up, I REALLY need a wee as well’ she says, looking embarrassed. She bounces on the spot again before walking back over to the whiteboard to finish off her class notes. ‘Sit down if you like’ she says, gesturing over to a couple of chairs in the corner.

I grit my teeth as I sit down, the waistband of my school trousers squeezing my bladder. I’m sat right on the edge of the seat, bouncing my knees like crazy, biting my lip as I wait anxiously for the phone to ring. I watch Miss Daniels writing on the board, and I notice her shifting her weight from foot to foot, biting her lip. She looks tense, and her cheeks are slightly flushed. I glance down and see a 2 litre bottle of water on the floor just beneath the whiteboard, and it’s nearly empty. She mentioned earlier that she’s been bursting all afternoon, so she probably hasn’t had chance to pee since lunchtime, maybe even morning breaktime at 11am since she was probably too busy organising coursework to find time to use the toilets at lunch. With all that water she’s been drinking, she’s probably way more desperate than she’s letting on. 

After a few minutes she finishes writing the notes, then checks her watch again. She looks at the phone and bites her lip. ‘Ohh why haven’t they called back yet?’ she mutters, walking over to the phone and redialling the office number, crossing her legs tightly. She hangs up after a few seconds. ‘They’re still in the meeting, ohh they should’ve finished ages ago’ she says, looking worried. I watch her uncross her legs, bounce on the spot and quickly cross them the other way, biting her lip. She looks absolutely frantic for a pee, but she obviously doesn’t want to make a show of it in front of a student. I’m also trying not to show how desperate for a piss I am, and I long to thrust my hands between my legs and squeeze my cock to distract myself from the throbbing pressure in my bladder. Instead, I have to make do with gripping my thighs tightly, crossing my ankles underneath the chair and bouncing my legs up and down.

Miss Daniels moans softly under her breath, leaning back against the wall next to the phone, folding her arms across her chest. She crosses her legs again, resting one foot against the wall behind her. There’s an awkward silence for a few seconds, my chair squeaking as I fidget around. She breaks the silence by asking me about how things are going in the recording studio, and we chat for a few minutes about school, exams, anything we can think of to keep our minds off our urgent need to relieve ourselves. I’m explaining to her how far we’ve got recording one of our songs, but she’s not really listening, her expression slightly distant. I’m also having trouble concentrating on the conversation. My desperate need to piss is way too distracting, and watching my gorgeous teacher fidget and squirm, trying not to let on that she was about to wet herself, is taking up most of my attention.

As soon as I finish speaking, she nods and flashes me a pained smile. ‘Sounds good. One sec, I’ve just remembered I need to look for something’ she says quickly, her voice tense, blushing as she hurries over to a small room in the corner of the studio where all the controls for the sound system are kept. Although the room is hidden from view from where I’m sitting, Miss Daniels seems to forget that the dance studio has huge mirrors down two of the walls. I wait for her to go out of my sight, then I stand up from my seat, biting my lip and bending forwards, hands wrapped around my cock. ‘Ohh, I have to piss so fucking bad’ I mutter, straightening up and walking slowly over to the door, looking out at the door to the girl’s toilets longingly.

I turn around, and I realise that from where I’m standing, I can see the room Miss Daniels is in, reflected in one of the mirrors. My cock throbs in arousal at what I see. She’s bent over, both hands pushing hard between her legs, pushed deep into the crotch of her tracksuit pants. Her eyes are closed, and she’s biting her lip, bouncing up and down on the spot. I knew it, she must be absolutely dying for a pee, and I wonder if she’s actually started to wet herself.

As I watch her, she stands up straighter, and begins pacing the room, biting her nails on one hand, the other still pushed firmly between her legs. Every so often, she’ll stop to cross her legs, bending over and squeezing herself as hard as she can. I watch her as I squeeze my cock tightly, my heart pounding. I unzip the top of my school trousers to relieve some of the pressure on my rock hard bladder. I reach down and grip my cock through my boxers, frantically dancing from foot to foot. Although I’m incredibly turned on by watching Miss Daniels’ obvious desperation, I’m absolutely dying for a piss, and I’m not sure how much longer I can hold on for.

Just then, the phone rings, and she quickly straightens up and walks out of the room like nothing’s happened. I turn away, pretending to be trying to open the door, so she doesn’t notice I’ve been watching her. I quickly zip my fly up before she notices, biting my lip as my school trousers push against my aching bladder. ‘Hi, it’s Emma’ she says breathlessly as she picks up the phone. ‘Yeah, I’m in the dance studio but the lock on the door’s stuck, so I’m locked in.’ She dances from foot to foot as she listens for a few seconds. ‘Really? Ohh God you should have told me, I’ve been waiting forever for you to call back, and I’m bursting for the loo! No problem, ok, yeah I’ll find them, bye.’ She puts the phone down quickly and sighs loudly, walking quickly over to where she left her keys.

‘Are they sending someone over?’ I ask frantically. Miss Daniels shakes her head, picking up her keys. ‘Apparently after last time they gave me a copy of the master key just in case the lock ever got stuck again.’ She crosses her legs and bends forwards slightly as she looks through the numerous keys on her keyring. Her expression is tense, her face flushed with embarrassment, her movements frantic and fidgety. ‘I just wish they’d told me, then we wouldn’t have been stuck here bursting for a wee.’ She hurries over to where I’m standing by the door, still looking for the right key. She stamps her foot and bounces on the spot in frustration.

‘Ohh sorry I can’t even find it’ she moans softly, crossing her legs tightly. She tries a couple of keys in the lock, but neither of them fit. I stand behind her, wishing she’d hurry up and open the door. Just then, I lose control for a second, and gasp quietly as a hot spurt of pee soaks the front of my boxers. I quickly grip my cock and bend forwards, desperately trying not to lose control completely. The last thing I want to do is soak my trousers in front of my form tutor. I’m so close to pissing myself, but so close to getting to a toilet at long last.

Finally, Miss Daniels finds the right key, and she unlocks the door, bouncing from foot to foot frantically, moaning softly under her breath. She opens the door and we hurry out into the quiet corridor. ‘I’ll let you go first’ she says quietly as she steps towards the door to the girls toilets. ‘Thanks Miss’ I say gratefully. She must be so desperate to get into the toilet and pee, but she obviously doesn’t want to let on how badly she needs to go in front of a student. I can’t help but see that her usually slim waistline is more rounded, her bladder noticeably swollen. It must be so hard for her, standing just outside the toilets, absolutely frantic to piss and longing to bend over and hold herself tightly, but knowing that she can’t do either while I’m standing just behind her.

I bend forwards, frantically squeezing my cock while Miss Daniels spends a few precious seconds finding the key to get into the toilets. I start to blush as another warm jet of piss leaks out into my boxers. I moan softly, grabbing my cock with both hands, stamping my foot in frustration. I’m seconds away from pissing myself right there in front of my gorgeous teacher. At last, she finds the key and unlocks the toilet for me. ‘Don’t be too long, I really need to go’ she says shyly, looking up at me as I hurry past her, biting her lip. ‘Ok Miss, I’ll be quick’ I say quietly, pushing open the door to the toilets and rushing inside.

As the door closes behind me, I feel another jet of piss soak into my boxers. I gasp and sprint into the nearest cubicle, tearing open my fly and pulling out my leaking cock even before I’m standing in front of a toilet. The second I reach the toilet, I let loose a gushing stream of piss into the bowl, moaning with the relief of finally getting to empty my rock hard bladder. I’m pissing and pissing, steadying myself with one hand on the wall, gasping with relief, relishing the feeling of letting go. After about 20 seconds, the door to the toilets suddenly slams open. Startled, I glance around, still pissing forcefully, and I see Miss Daniels hurrying inside. I was so desperate to relieve myself I hadn’t bothered to shut the cubicle door, and I blush harder as she glances at me, making eye contact for a second before she quickly looks away.

‘Oh god I’m so sorry, I really need a wee, I can’t wait’ she says, her voice strained. She bends over for a second and crosses her legs tightly, squeezing her crotch tightly with both hands, desperately holding on for just a few more seconds. ‘It’s ok’ I say, my face red with embarrassment, very aware of how loudly my piss is hitting the water. She moans softly, bouncing violently on the spot before straightening up and rushing into the far cubicle, banging the door shut behind her. Almost straight away, I hear her piss cascading into the bowl, and she utters a short moan of relief. Her stream is so loud and I can hear it over my own, she must have been right on the verge of wetting herself, unable to wait just a few more seconds for me to finish.

Eventually, my stream dies down, and I finish my very reliving piss with a sigh of relief. I zip myself up and flush, heading over to the sink to wash my hands, Miss Daniels still peeing noisily. By the time she’s finally relieved herself, I’ve dried my hands and am just about to leave. I hear the toilet flush, and she opens the door slowly, looking at me shyly, blushing even harder than I am. ‘I’m really sorry about that, I’d been holding on for so long, I just couldn’t wait any longer’ she says quietly as she washes her hands. ‘Don’t worry Miss, I won’t tell anybody’ I reply, and she laughs. ‘You better not’ she says, grinning at me. I walk out with a quick goodbye, pick up my guitar and head home, still buzzing with the feeling of relief, and the excitement of seeing my sexy teacher almost lose control in front of me. My boxers are damp against my cock, reminding me just how close I came to soaking my trousers in front of her.

1 Comment (add your own)

aktl - 18-21 years old - female: AWESOME story, and so well written!!! Can't wait for your next one! 

