Title: The Initiation of the Chosen One
	Entry to: Month 31
By: Paul Tester 

Siobhan had always had a small bladder, and she had regularly suffered being so desperate she had to sit on her heel, hold between her legs, or even the disgrace of leaking into her knickers. She had always assume she would grow out of it, her capacity improving as she grew up, but as she approached her eighteenth birthday she was beginning to wonder when this improvement would come. That spring a school field trip had started with a 3 hour non-stop coach journey, something that the students were expected to be able to cope with, as they were soon to be taking 3 hour long exams. Siobhan had made every possible preparation for this journey, but she had not been on the coach an hour when she was taken by a sudden and urgent need to pee. Knotting her legs and 'clenching' her bladder shut did little to ease this, and even sitting on her heel only reduced the urge to a bearable level. 

Knowing that the master in charge of the trip was a strict, miserable bastard, who particularly disliked her, Siobhan dare not say anything, so all she could do was hang on and hope that the coach would have to stop for some reason. What followed was the longest and most miserable 2 hours she had ever known. She tried every trick and technique she had ever known for holding back her pee and easing the urgency of her need, reaching levels of desperation that she had never dreamed possible to endure. With more that half an hour still to go, she had reached the point when she did not think she could possible hold back her pee another second. Both hands jammed between her knotted legs, she was leaning forward and groaning with desperation, not caring who could see her in such a state. 

Even when they had reached their destination, and by some miracle she was still just holding her pee, her ordeal wasn't over. Out of the coach, she dare not hold herself, hobbling along with both hands in her pockets, taking short, stiff-legged steps, every ounce of her strength concentrated on keeping her little wee-hole clenched shut. Several times she had to stop, twist her legs together and turn away, pressing hard between her legs as she felt her bladder giving way. At last she was able to stagger behind some bushes, crouch out of sight of the rest of the party, and release the most explosive torrent of pee she had ever done, an indication, as if she had needed one, of the enormous pressure in her bladder. Never in her life had she wanted to pee so badly as she had that morning, and she would never have believed she could have held back such a terrible need to pee.

Not long after this incident, she was on a night out with some of her friends when they all had plenty to drink. Coming home on the bus her need to pee had rapidly increased from bearable bursting to absolutely desperate, even sitting on her heel. As a group of four of them got off the bus, she was hit by a sudden surge of desperation so intense that she could not stop a spurt of pee leaking into tiny knickers. Frantically she grabbed between her legs, not caring who could see this, only that she held back her pee. She could feel that the crutch of her tight black trousers was wet, but she had regained control of her bladder, just. There was nowhere she could pee, so to her intense embarrassment she had no alternative but to walk down the well-lit street openly holding herself. It was obvious to her friends what she was doing, and the boys could not resist making remarks like "Do you want to have a wee-wee then?" and "Get a grip on yourself"

She was so frantic that she was sure if she stopped holding herself for even a second, she would start leaking again, and also her hand was hiding the wet patch from her bus accident. She lived closest to the bus-stop, but it still seemed to take an age to get home, and the extra strain of opening the front door and then running upstairs to the loo meant pee was leaking past her fingers before she could tear down her trousers and let her pee blast out. She had thought that the school trip had been the limit of desperation, but this had been even worse.

The next week she was going on holiday with her mother, who had borrowed a country cottage from some friend, who was to drive them there. It was a long drive, mostly on motor-ways, and despite taking the normal care of her bladder, she was dying to pee almost as soon as they started. She didn't want to make a fuss, so, sitting in the back, she crossed her legs and resolved to hang on as long as possible. She was ashamed of her bladder, and was determined to behave like an adult that day. To her dismay they did not stop once during the four hour journey, and she was not going to be the one to ask. Legs twisted tightly together, she could feel the pressure in her bladder rising inexorably, but unlike her other recent desperation, she was able to contain her pee, if with difficulty.

As they bounced along the secondary roads to the cottage she thought her bladder was going to explode it was so full, and she had to undo the zip of her jeans to relieve the pressure on her swollen, aching, stomach. After the friend had let them into the remote cottage, mother drove her to the nearest station, leaving Siobhan alone to stagger to the loo and take the longest, most needed, pee of her life. 

Her bladder was still aching from the strain it had suffered when her mother returned and prepared dinner, a strange dish of exotic beans with rice and a salad containing vegetables that Siobhan had never seen before, accompanied by some peculiar wine the friend had left in the cottage. 

The meal, and the herbal tea that followed, left Siobhan feeling almost detached from her body, as if she was floating about the room, only the fullness of her bladder reminding her of reality. When her mother suggested they went upstairs she allowed herself to be led into the main bedroom, which she had assumed was her mother's, and, still feeling completely detached from reality, let her mother undress her. Standing naked, she was about to get into bed when her mother gave her a shimmering white, almost luminous long gown of some silky material to put on, then told her to lay on the bed, which Siobhan realised, had no covers. 

Hardly knowing what she was doing, but feeling compelled to obey her mother implicitly, she lay, almost in a trance while her mother pulled the thick curtains, completely blacking out the room, lit four candles, one at each corner of the bed and opened a cupboard, when a pale yellow light flooded the room. Siobhan could not see what was making the light. There was a glowing object in the cupboard, but it was not quite like glass, nor could she quite see what shape it was. She could never quite bring it into focus. The texture, shape, colour, even the light it gave off, was constantly changing, she could not take her eyes off it, but she still could not see what it was. Her mother stroked her cheek, kissed her gently to reassure her.

"Trust me now darling. Relax, just let yourself float, give your mind to the stone. Tomorrow morning I'll explain, you will understand then."

Siobhan was left alone in the bedroom, unable to take her eyes away from this mysterious glowing stone, feeling she was floating above the bed, her gown seeming to reflect the shimmering light from the stone and the candles, or even be glowing with a light of its own. Slowly, it might have been after five minute, or it might have been an hour, because time had no meaning for Siobhan, she became aware of her bladder.

Not in any way she had ever felt before. She did not actually want to pee, but she could visualise it in her body; a rounded shape, that something about it told her it was quite full, but under control. She could see the outlet, and she knew, without knowing how, that it was taking some effort to control, but she was managing it. Except that it really wasn't her that was doing any of this, she was above and outside of the whole experience.

As a series of dreams, except that they had a clarity and reality that no dream ever had, Siobhan relived every occasion, many long forgotten, when she had desperately wanted to pee. From the times when she was a little girl playing with her friends, too shy to ask where the loo was until she wet her pants, to the recent evening out when she had wet herself, except that she could now see that she could hold out, that her bladder was now completely under her control. 

Then the candles had burned down and were going out, the glow from the stone was fading, and her mother, dressed in an identical shimmering white gown, was closing the cupboard door and pulling back the curtains. As the last candle flickered out, so the first light of dawn tinged the sky. Siobhan's mother lay on the bed next to her, and hugged her daughter close to her. Automatically Siobhan responded by hugging her mother, and they lay in each other's arms as the day dawned and Siobhan slowly came back to reality. The first rays of the sun through the window brought her fully awake, the day unnaturally bright and clear, Siobhan aware that her life had been changed for ever by the night. Her mother was also wide awake, and hand in hand they went downstairs and into the garden. Siobhan needed to pee, her bladder aching as it often did when she woke, and she knew her mother wanted to go as badly, but she had no thought of stopping in the bathroom. 

They walked into the deserted woodland outside the cottage. It was a brilliant clear summer day, but the colours were just too bright, the sounds and scents of the woods just to sharp, the sensations too intense, the un-reality of the night still with Siobhan and her mother. In a small clearing in the woods they stopped and without either saying a word, they knew this was the place. Gowns hoisted above their waist, they crouched and simultaneously released their pee. In the muted light of the clearing, their identical streams seemed to glow with the same pale yellow light as the mysterious stone had in the night. It was, Siobhan thought, the most satisfying pee of her life, and it did not seem at all strange that her mother stopped at the same instant as she did. Then her mother led her out of the wood, to the top of a hill where they sat on a rock, warmed by the sun and looking down on a deserted country-side.

Her mother took her hand.

"You are the chosen one of your generation," she started abruptly. "The first born of the female line that goes back to the beginning of time, inheritor of power and knowledge that you will in due time pass to the next generation. In the daylight you will learn of our ancient order, and tonight your initiation will be completed, and you will be one with me and all previous generations."

She paused. Siobhan looked expectantly at her mother. Their gowns were almost blinding in the sunlight, and the sun was now overhead, though it seemed only minutes since they had risen at dawn.

"Time has no meaning during your initiation," explained her mother, "A lifetime, a moment, they are all the same. Today has no meaning, nor has this place, we are outside both, beyond the world. When this is over we will return, but you will never again be part of it, only a visitor until it is time to move on."

She paused again, seemingly only to gather her thoughts, but the sun was setting when she next spoke.

"Last night you were given complete control of your bladder. From now on you can hold your pee, even slow down your kidneys, wait longer than any mortal human. Eventually you will have to release your waters, but only when you chose. This is the first power of the Chosen. Tonight you will gain the second, greater power."

She took Siobhan's hand and led her back to the cottage, where they ate an identical dinner and drank the same peculiar wine. Willingly Siobhan went to the bedroom, lay on the bed while her mother drew the curtains, lit the candles and revealed the glowing yellow stone. As the previous night she could not take her gaze from the stone, and again she drifted in a trance, reliving each of her desperate incidents, except that this time there was always someone else there who, she somehow knew, was even more desperate than she was, and who saved Siobhan further agony by being the one who had to pee.

The night ended as before, Siobhan and her mother walking through the woods in an even more brilliant and intense morning. Siobhan felt that her bladder was more full than it had ever been, she could not remember peeing since the previous morning, and somehow she also knew that her mother desperately wanted to pee, her bladder also stretched to its limit. Squatting together in the same clearing, they began to pee at the same instant, and the pleasure of the release was even greater that the previous morning.

Again they stopped at the same instant, and they might have been going for two minutes or two hours, time meant nothing but she had wanted the pleasure to last for ever. Then they were on the rock on the hill-top, the sun already high in the sky, and Siobhan's maternal grandmother had joined them, also in a shimmering white gown accompanied by more vague, insubstantial figures in the same white gowns. Siobhan recognised her great- grandmother, long dead, and there was a family likeness in all the faces, though some she could hardly focus on at all.

"They are gathered to see you, the Chosen of this generation, and to give you their blessing before we return to the world. In your turn, you will come back here when you initiate the next generation, and then to bless every succeeding initiation."

The figures filed past them, and faded into the sunlight, each succeeding generation less substantial, until as the daylight faded so the line of figures faded too.

"You now have the second power of the Chosen," her mother explained as the last figure faded away. "You can control the bladders of others near you. Anyone you can see you can impart with any bladder sensation you have ever felt.'

"This is why you have always seemed to have a small bladder; you had to know every sensation and level of desperation, up to the point when, even as an adult, you could not contain yourself, either peeing in public view or wetting yourself."

They returned to the cottage, again sleeping together in the white gowns, but this time the cupboard that contained the glowing stone was just a blank wall, and Siobhan slept without dreaming. She woke, her bladder full as usual, but she was in complete control, not having to make the hurried trip to the bathroom to pee.

Her mother was also awake, and also bursting to pee, Siobhan realising she knew such things automatically now, but she too was in complete control and might not actually go for hours. She took both of Siobhan's hands in hers.

"There is only one more thing to tell you. You have never known, and will never know of your father. As one of the Chosen, when the moment is right you will know who is to father the next generation, but once you have conceived he will go from your life, from the world even, and you, with the previous generations, will care for the girl until her initiation. Only two generations can inhabit the world together, after your initiation my mother has passed on to a higher level, though like all previous generations she is still watching us."

As she finished speaking the room was flooded with sunlight and their white gowns shimmered and then faded, and they were standing naked, their own clothes ready to put on. The sunlight was almost blinding, so bright that Siobhan closed her eyes as she dressed, opening them to find the light normal and that she was standing in her bedroom at home. Her mother, dressed normally, joined her.

"We are back in the world," she said, "but your initiation was real, not a dream, and your powers are still with you, but you can never talk of them to anyone except me. If you ever try to tell anyone else, your mind will blank and you will not be able to speak."

If Siobhan had doubted the power of the Chosen, the news that her grandmother had died suddenly and mysteriously the day before, without any apparent cause, was evidence enough that it existed, and that her initiation had not been a dream.

She found further proof when, after several cups of coffee at breakfast, she walked into town without bothering to pee. She knew her bladder was full, but she could and did hold her pee until the afternoon, something that would have been impossible a week earlier. Later that day she picked on an attractive, self-assured woman in her twenties, wearing tight jeans, talking with two men, and willed her to have the desperate need to pee that had made her wet herself.

The instant she thought this the woman crossed her legs and began to squirm, looking anxiously around, and then cut off the conversation and hurried away, her hand between her legs as soon as she had turned away from the two men. Siobhan followed as the woman was almost running down the road, oblivious to people staring at her, into a car park, and was pulling down her jeans and squatting to pee between two cars, quite visible to anyone walking past. As she emerged Siobhan could see the wet patch on her jeans, where she had wet herself just as Siobhan had.

Siobhan's mother was suddenly walking beside her. "We hope you will not always use your powers to embarrass strangers," she said, "though we understand that you have to test your abilities. Trust me, the power is yours for ever now, use it sensibly, and for your benefit or pleasure. Nobody except me will ever know what you can do, though many will wonder what is happening to them." 

