The Way to the Concert
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

I drove as fast as I could, because I had no time to lose if I want to reach my train. I was on the way to a rock concert and I was running late. I felt the need to pee and I didn't wonder because I drank about one and a half liter in the last hour. It was very hot in the car and I needed it but I needed a loo to. I squirmed nervously on the seat and felt the preassure building up. I had to stop a few times at traffic lights and I knew it would be a close thing to stop by the gas station to take a leak and to top this traffic was slowing down and I knew that there was no chance to go pee or I would miss my train.

So I decided to hang on and wait until I could use the toilets on the train that was no problem because I have a good bladder control. I found a parking lot near the station and walked to the platform. Every step hurt a bit and I wondered how long I could hold on.

I reached the platform just in time but there was no train. The speaker told the passengers that the train was canceled because of technical problems and we should take the regionel train to reach the city.

That was not good. I searched the station if there are toilets, but there weren't any.

So I stood there with my full bladder and had to hold on. On the first hand I was lucky to hear there was a possibility to reach the city to get to the concert but I new also that the regional train has no toilets.

I walked up and down and it helped me to decrease the pressure a bit but I was really uncomfortable by now. But to make things worse I met the fahter of a privat pupil of me.

So I had to stop walking and talk with him wich in my state was difficult for me now. Luckily the train arrived soon and we got in and I searched a seat immediatly.

Sitting down was good but I had to keep on conversation with him and that was more I could bare. My bladder hurt and I had to talk to a stupid man who wanted to hear something about the knowledge of his doughter.

I had to pee so bad and I didn't know how I should hold on the 45 minutes train ride anyway and now I had to sit still and talk. I crossed my legs and was trying to hold on. By this time I got some cramps in my abandom and from time to time I bent a bit forward to ease the pain. I had to go on for another 25 minutes. I loosend my belt trying not to drew attention on it and told him his doughter will do it for sure and tried to end up conversation to go in another cab to get free doing some helpng movements.

I pressed my my legs totogether as close as possible. I was on the brink of losing control now.

I slided to the edge of the seat to put more preassure between my legs but it didn't help much. Suddenly I felt a big pain and my abandom cramped. I knew that I would loose it if I move the littlest. I sat there frozen and flexed all the muscles to hold on. It hurt really bad and at the same time I had to answer the questions of the man. I think my face also cramped because he asked me if there was everything okay. I tried to seem relaxed and told him that I was fine.

But nothing was fine. My urin pressed against my sphincter with unthinkable preassure and I didn't know how long I could hold on without grabbing between my legs wich was not what I wanted.

I answerd in short sentences because I had to concentrate an my inside.

That was a bad situation. I was sitting there about to pee my pants and there was a man I knew and in front of whom I wanted to look proffessional. I crossed my legs the other way and put my hands in the lap. I pressed against my peehole withe the left hand and tried to cover it with my right. It didn't work well and was again nearly wetting myself. I felt a wave of preassure and my bladder spasmed. I got goose bumps on my arms but I was to proud to hold myself in front of this man und tried to press the thumb of my right hand between my legs. It helped a lot but after a few minutes the need increased again. 

A few times I thougt that I was leaking, but thank god i didn't. But I had no feeling in my lower abandom now and I knew that the nightmare of loosing control in public could become truth any second. I had to do something and first of all I had to leave this seat.

I told him that I had to meet some people in the other car, said goodby and tried to stand up. I had to flex all my muscles to handle the extra preassure coused by taking my thoumb away and I didn't want to let him see I was holding myself. Halfway up I noticed that I wasn't able to stand upright without loosing control and fell down on the seat seconds before the flood would have been started. The pain was unthinkable. My body trembled. He asked If were is something wrong with me and I told him that I felt turning dizzy a little.

I knew I had to get away or I would pee my pants in front of him. I really paniced because I knew the situation was now getting out of control. I tried to stand up again and pressed my legs togehter. I stood there bend over a little and not able to move my legs without loosing it. I put one hand to my head to seam dizzy and the other in my pocket to hold my pee back. I said goodby one more time put the second hand in the pocket and walked carefully into the next car. I felt a short spurt of pee coming out and stopped walking and crossed my legs to regain control. Some passengers gave me some strange looks and I had to notice that I wasn't able to cover my discomfort. That was the worst moment as I recognized that there was no way to hide my desperation from the rest. I had to pee so bad that it seemed possible that I would have to hold myself like a little child and everyone would see it.

After a few seconds I walked to the doors, where the other passengers couldn't see me as well and shiftet my weight from one foot to the other. Every 30 seconds I had to cross my legs and bend my knees to hold back the pee. A few times I had to sit on my heel, the last chance to hold back the flood. Most of the time I did a pee dance like a little girl. What if I was not able to hold? I must be able I told myself I couldn' t wet myself in public, I mustn't do this.

After what seems like an etenity the train reached the station I had to get out. I stood up carfully because there were people comig and I didn't want them to know I had to pee this bad. I took all my strength together and stood on the other side of the door so I could press my left hand from behind between my legs and they couldn't see this. I tapped from one foot to the other not any longer able to stand still. I tried to force my body not to shake but it was beyond my possibility. My bladder sent a stinging pain avery 5 seconds os so and I had tears in my eyes so bad it hurt.

Then I saw that the father of my privat pupil lso came to the door I was standing. I get panic because I couldn't hide my predicament any longer. I couldn't stand still without pissing my pants but I had to to look professional and cool. I grabbed my waistband from behind and pulled it up to help my sphinctor.

Again he started to talk to me and I only mumbled back and tried desperate to stand still. He tried to help me out of the train, because he thought I was feelind dizzy as I told him before.

I pressed my legs togehter and took my hand away from my pants, tried to look casual and said thaks. By walking down the stairs onto the platform I had to grab between my legs bu I managed it without anyone seeing. But now I was standing in front of him and I couldn't stand still anymore. I put both hands deep in my pockets and tried to keep my movements as unobtrusive as possible.

I shifted my weight more dancing than standing. It didn't work well so I tried to pull up my waistband with both hands. I had to bend forward a bit and inspite my desperate try to hide the fact that I was dying to take a leak, I think everybody around must have noticed that I had to pee very bad. I tried to force myself to stand still but the pain was to much. I put the hands back in the pockets desperate trying to hold back my pee.

I felt that it wouldn't work any longer and crossed my legs. Doing this my hands put additional pressure on my bladder coused by the waistband and immidiatly I put them out and rammed them in the backside pockets to do something helpful but then I felt the pee coming out a bit and knew the game was over. I took my hands out of my pocket and hold myself between the legs with the left. With my right hand I opend my pants and pulled them up.

I told him that I have to go or I would piss all over and walked away als fast as possible not caring anymore what people thought. I had to hurry. I had been able to stop the flow with holding myself but with every step a few drops came out and I was slowly loosing it. One time I had to stop again to stop the flow by crossing the legs and bend the knees but then I reached the toilets. 

As always there was a line and I had to wait, but I couldn't wait. After ten seconds of the desperatest pee dance I ever did in my life I lost control and started wetting myself uncontrolable. Pee came out in little spurts and I tried to stop it for the last time bur there was no chance to stop it anymore. So I put down my pants and pissed on the floor. The other women and girls gave me some strange looks but I couldn't think of it.

My pants were soaked and I put them off and dryed them with the hand dryer. After that I went to the concert and had to pee every 30 minutes. My bladder hurt the whole evening but I didn't mind anymore and get very drunk to forget what had happend.

