Title: A day at the Beach

By: Mary W

Jo and her boyfriend Rob, and his best friend Sam had decided to go to the beach. It was a hot summers day and I had resigned myself to staying in the flat, catching up on some of my study. Joe and I were doing second year Economics at University and through the long hot summer I had let my studies fall to far behind. I had decided this weekend I would catch up. Really "thrilled: by this prospect, when Joe invited me along I had no hesitation in agreeing.

It was a 60 minute drive to the beach, Rob's favourite, and we spent the whole day there. The beach was fairly busy but started to thin out in the afternoon. Around 4:00 pm, with still a lot of people around we decided it was time to go. All thought of study had drifted from my mind for the last 7 hours, but I knew the work would not go away and I wanted some part of the day to be devoted to my studies.

We had driven to the beach in our swimming costumes, and while the others chose to keep them on for the drive home, I decided travelling home in damp clothes was not for me. The beach had no change rooms, or any other amenities, other than a drinking tap, that we had used extensively all day.

Sam saw me looking around and asked "What's up, lost something", "No" I replied, "Just looking for somewhere to change". This was a very flat beach, no trees rocks or anything. "Allow us" interrupted Rob, as he grabbed Sam's large towel and threw it to him. He then took his own towel in each hand and span around dragging his towel across his back. Sam did the same as they both approached me, one in front and one behind. They stopped about a foot away from me and touched their hands together. I was now surrounded by their towels and completely protected from nosy onlookers, and I might add, from their prying eyes as well.

Now, with only my legs exposed to the beach inhabitants through the gap at the bottom on the towels, I proceeded to slip off my bathers, dry myself fully and slip on my clothes, starting with a pair of my flimsiest frilly white panties. When completed I informed the boys and they turned around, I suspect a little impressed at what they saw.

I had on a tight blue tee shirt, with no bra, and a very short micro mini red dress. It was starting to cool down on the beach so my "head lights" were on, sticking rather pertly through the tight fitting tee shirt.

The boys looked at each other and Sam said, "Hey Rob, we really should have been facing the other way, we missed an impressive site". This bought a laugh from Rob, and a polite smile from me.

My smile turned to a frown as I again looked around the beach. "What now?" asked Sam, "Loose something". "No" I replied, "Just looking for the toilets". "Don't bother" interrupted Rob, "There are none, Didn't you go in the water, that's what everybody else does". Looking straight at Rob I said "I didn't want to go when I was in the water, I want to go now thank you!".

Rob, Sam, and Jo looked around but there simply was no where private where a girl could squat without somebody having a clear view. Sam picked up the towel, looked at me, and with a little school boy giggle said, "We could do the towel trick again". I glared at him as if my eyes were daggers, "Yeh sure Sam, I am going to squat here on the sand with the two of you less that a foot away!?". "Well why not", asked Sam, "We won't look, honest". The little giggle at the end of the word honest and the cat that swallowed the cannery smirk on his face spoke volumes. I just looked at him again and didn't say a word, this time he cringed as if my eyes were daggers. I am pretty sure that he thought if looks could kill, he would be a goner!

I grabbed my things off the sand and headed back to the car. Jo and the rest picked up their stuff and followed. Rob and Sam looked at Jo, "Seriously Jo, what is the problem?, we wouldn't see anything, honest we wouldn't look", Sam said to Jo. "You just don't understand do you Sam", replied Jo. "You seriously expect a woman to squat and pee with two men only inches away, you may not see her, but you would hear her, its not the sort of thing a girl does just inches away from two men, its private".

The two guys just shrugged their shoulders, unable to understand. Men pee all over the place and don't care who watches or hears, "Women! how do their minds work", cried Sam.

Feeling bad about the incident Sam caught up to me, "Sorry if I embarrassed you or said anything wrong", he said softly. "That's ok", I replied, "Men just don't understand sometimes". He reached out and took some of my stuff. "Least I can do, perhaps there will be somewhere you can go up near the car", he said.

There wasn't, wide open space as far as the eye can see. Jo sidled up to me and asked "Will you be ok?", "Yeh, I can hold it for an hour till we get home, don't worry", I replied. That was actually wishful thinking, I didn't really think I could hold out that long, I was getting desperate. But I figured that we could stop at a Cafe along the way and have a coffee, and I could go to the toilet.

We piled in the car. Rob driving with Jo beside him in the front, while Sam and I were in the back. As I sat down the push of my thighs on my abdomen must have applied a slight pressure to my bladder, because I let go a very small squirt, just enough to wet my panties. I immediately pushed my hand between my legs in a reflex action to stop any more flow. "What's up?", asked Sam. "I need to pee Sam", I whispered, "That's what's up!".

"Do you want to duck behind the car", asked Rob from the front seat, having heard my comment. "No I don't thankyou, god you men", I yelled, "Girls aren't like you, we just can't duck behind the car, or pee on the back wheel you know!".

"I'd sure like to see that", piped Sam, with a laugh and a strange quiver in his voice I hadn't heard before, as if the though were beginning to excite him. Rob and Jo both laughed at that one. "Yes, I'm sure you would", I said giving Sam that dagger look again. "No forget it", cried Rob through his laughter, "Their not equipped well enough, they don't have the flexibility, the car wheels or the world are safe from women".

This was like a red rag to a bull with two women in the car, "Don't you be so sure of that", said Joe, "Have you seen the movie the Full Monty!, women can do lots of things you guys don't know about". "Rubbish" replied Rob, "That was faked wasn't it Sam". During this whole exchange Sam had remained very quite, "Ah what, sorry I wasn't listening to that last bit", said Sam, "Where were you Sam, off with the fairies?", asked Jo. "No", I said jokingly as I turned to look at him, "Probably fantasising about women peeing on the back wheels of cars". The car erupted in laughter, with the exception of Sam or course.

Now it was Sam's turn to glare at me, and as I looked at him he quickly moved his hands down to cover his groin area. Strange, I could have sworn I saw a very large bulge in his bathers just before his hands covered them. For an instant I wondered if my rather sarcastic remark about his fantasies was closer to the truth than I thought. I was about to blurt out that Sam had a hard on, then thought better of it. My own discomfort was bad enough, another laughing fit as we joke about Sam may cause me to loose all control.

Anyway, Rob started the car and we headed off. My hand was still firmly between my legs pushing my short red skirt down between my legs. The pressure was easing a little. Sam still covered his groin area with his hands as well. Perhaps my appearance, red dress, riding up a little, and my hand firmly between my legs had excited him. That could explain the bulge, not the talk of women peeing.

We were now heading home, only an hour to go, or less if we saw a Cafe ahead. I could now relax a little as the pressure on my bladder subsided.

Then, the unthinkable happened. The car coughed once, then again, and began to slow down. Rob pulled it off the road. What now, we had only been going for about 15 minutes, now this. Rob parked it on the side of the road, pulled the bonnet catch and got out, Sam followed. Now they were both out looking at the engine, so Jo turned around and said, "How are you doing?", "Ok", I said, "But boy do I need to pee". Jo laughed, that sort of "I know how you feel" type laugh and suggested we get out and walk around. Now that was a good idea, since the car stopped the urge had returned, worse than before. We both got out and wandered around to the back of the car.

"You could squat and go here", said Jo. I looked around, no cover, flat as far as the eyes could see, the boys only 10 feet away, and cars coming along the road in both directions. I must admit I considered it, but just couldn't bring myself to do it, "No", I said, "I can wait".

Just then, while Sam was still looking at the engine, Rob got in and cranked it over. We both stopped in our tracks and stared at the back of the car as the engine churned, but wouldn't start. Out of the exhaust pipe came a gusher of water. It was like a garden hose as it shot about 3 feet from the car. "Shit" I said, "Even the car is peeing, I can't take much more of this!".

Jo yelled to Rob, "You better come and have a look at this!". Rob and Sam came to the back of the car as we pointed to the water behind the car. "Shit" said Rob, "A head gasket, that's just great!". Sam seemed more interested in me. I was slightly bent over with my hand firmly placed between my legs. His look asked the question so I answered, "I'm all right Sam, its just that watching the car pee, when I can't, didn't help any". Sam smiled, at least he could see the joke. Sam now turned to look at Rob as he walked back to the drivers door. When he turned sideways to me I could clearly see his profile. There was an unmistakable bulge in his bathers (both guys wore the "boxer" style bathers that looked like baggy shorts).

He had a raging erection, and it was very clear to me that he was also quite well endowed. Was my predicament getting him horny? Why? Maybe with my hand between my legs I was lifting my skirt and flashing my panties. I looked around, no, everything covered. Very strange.

Rob grabbed the mobile phone and called the Auto Club. "15 minutes they said, there is a small petrol station 15 miles up the road, they're coming to tow us in". Fifteen minutes I thought, then another 15 minutes to get back, could I last half an hour.

My discomfort was now clearly obvious to all. "Go behind the car!" suggested Jo, "No, I'll be ok" I said, "Its easing". And it was, I stood up straight again and took my hand from between my legs. I had had a few more drips in my panties, but nothing major and the urge was now subsiding.

Jo was still looking concerned while Sam continued to stand in profile talking to Rob. I looked at Jo and pointed to Sam. She then looked at Sam and laughed. His bulging erection was now poking straight out and plainly apparent to both of us. "You got a minor problem there Sam" Jo yelled jokingly. Sam looked around to see us both laughing and staring at his full on erection poking from the front of his bathers. He turned red in the face "Oh shit" he said, looking very embarrassed, he then quickly turned his back and readjusted his bathers. Jo walked up and tapped him lightly on the backside, careful Sam, people might think your a bit kinky!" Sam was now beetroot red and walked quickly off to Rob at the front of the car.

We both laughed then I quickly stoped, "Oh don't make me laugh, I'll pee myself!" I said. "Good grief, don't do that, Sam might cum in his pants" laughed Jo. "Ooohh stop that" I said laughing again and bending over to stop myself peeing. The urge reducing again I regain some composure, "Jo, what is Sam's problem?, is he just always horny" I asked, with a seriousness that Jo must have recognised. "I have my own views on that!, but if you have to ask then perhaps I had best not say, just in case I am wrong" replied Jo in a way that just served to further heighten my curiosity, and make me a little angry.

"What the hell do you mean by that" I said angrily. I hated it when Jo played these little games. Jo has always been more sexually adventurous than me, and seemed to like playing the "experienced woman" game with me whenever the opportunity arose. "Oh come on Mary, do I have to draw you a picture, every time he looks at you about to wet yourself he gets a hard on". "So" I asked, still confused. "Well, perhaps he likes to watch women pee!" she exclaimed. "You're kidding" I shouted, "Sssshhh" Jo whispered, "He might hear you". The penny finally dropped, so Jo thinks he might be a kinky wet sex freak, could it be true? I smiled to myself at the thought, god how could any man be turned on by watching a girl pee, or worse yet, having a girl pee on him.

A loud noise dragged me out of my daydream, a very kinky daydream at that, one that surprised me, I really shouldn't let my imagination go like that. The tow truck had arrived, rolling up and stopping beside our car. Deciding discretion was the better part of valour, Jo and I got right out of the way as the car was hooked up and readied for transport. My urinary difficulty had subsided for a while, but was now beginning to return, so again my hand went between my legs to offer support.

Jo looked at me again. "For gods sake Mary, go behind the car before you burst". Considering that it may be the best option now, I could no longer be certain how long I could hold on, I moved around behind the car. Just then two children jumped out of the Tow Truck. Shit, the driver had bought his kids with him. In a matter of seconds the eldest, a girl, was around our side of the car talking to us. She was about 13, a very observant 13 at that.

"Hi, my name is Mandy, What's wrong with you" she said. "Nothing" I replied, while bent over at the waist with a hand between my legs. "Doesn't look like nothing, looks like you have to pee to me". "Very observant" I said, getting a little aggravated by her cheekiness. "Can I watch", she said, bold as brass. "No you cannot" piped Jo, "Now get out of here, please". Mandy moved off to the back of the car, but did not take her eyes of me. Jo was about to approach her and shoo her further away when I said "Don't bother, I can hold out now", "Are you sure Mary", asked Jo, "Yes yes, no problem" I replied, I was lying!

Finally the car was hooked up, and while Jo and I were dealing with Mandy a farmer must have pulled up in his utility truck to offer some help. He had kids as well and they all obviously knew each other, probably went to the same school. At least that got rid of Mandy, she was now playing with the farmers children, but it was now too late, we were ready to go.

Rob came up to us and said "Well the car is ok now, but there is no room in the Tow Truck for us. This farmer has offered to drive us to the Petrol Station. I said "Great, lets get going" and moved toward the farmers truck. "Not there" said Sam. "The kids are in the cabin, we'll have to ride in the back. I looked in the back, it was full of hay, and I mean full. "Where, there's no room". "Yes there is:" replied the farmer, "Just down the sides". I had a look, there was a small gap on each side of the hay between it and the edge of the truck. Enough room for only one person on each side. "It'll be a bit tight, but I'll drive slowly" said the farmer. Tight was not the word, but I had no choice, if I didn't get to a toilet soon I was definitely going to pee myself.

"So how do you propose we do this?" I asked. "Only one way" replied Rob, "Sam and me on each side and you two sitting on our laps". "Well I don't mind" said Jo, "But Mary and Sam only just met, that's a bit close for the first date". "I will be the perfect gentleman" said Sam, "Its not you I'm worried about" said Jo jokingly, as we all laughed. I stoped laughing quickly as a tiny jet of pee escaped.

Fifteen more minutes, that's all, I can do that. We piled in and the farmer lifted the tail gate and locked it. We were now confined in a small space. Sam was sitting with his back against some hay and his knees together and legs stretched out, slightly kinked at the knees with his feet against the tail gate of the truck. I was sitting on his groin area with my back to him, with my legs spread wide apart and my feet on the floor of the truck, each side of his knees. This was the only position in which I was not going to be too heavy for Sam to survive a 15 minute truck ride.

This was not a good position for me though. With my legs apart I was unable to apply pressure between my legs. Feeling the urge I moved my legs together and placed them along the top of Sam's. "Ow, ow, ow" said Sam, "Don't do that, your too heavy. So I quickly opened my legs again and put my feet on the floor.

"Its not comfortable" I said to Sam. "I know, but if you don't take some of the weight you will do me a permanent injury in a very important spot" replied Sam. I laughed, only a little, and felt a little squirt, but managed to stop it very quickly, god, what if he notices, my god, what if I loose control. It hit me for the first time, if I loose control in this position ... Sam will get soaked!.

That realisation hit, just as the truck also hit ... a very large bump. Well you try it, full bladder, legs wide apart, and now a bounce one foot in the air. As I landed directly on Sam's groin gravity won, and I lost. At that point Noah could have sailed his Ark, as my body gave up its battle and peed with the force of a garden hose. My panties were not even slowing down the flow, or limiting the stream. They were now soaking wet as the spray spread through the panties to my short red skirt which was now also getting wet as the spray hit the front then spread around the back.

My first thought was for Sam, should I tell him, he'll know soon enough, it was coming out so fast it was hissing like a tyre going flat. At first Sam didn't move, then I felt him lean forward and whisper in my ear "Are you peeing on me?", I bowed my head and said "Yes, I'm so very very sorry". It was as I said this I felt something very hard poking into my bottom. At first I thought it must be his pelvic bone, then I realised, it was his penis, he had a raging hard on.

I was still flowing, unable to gain control of my body due to the enormous pressure in my bladder. Sam was getting soaked, I could tell his bathers were soaked through with my pee , and he now had an enormous erection. I swung my head around to him and asked "Is that you?". He turned beetroot red like before and said "Yes it is". My mind began to spin, and I must admit, my body become aroused, all while I was still peeing. I could not resist the question, "Is that because I am peeing on you?" I asked. A silence followed, a deadly silence as his face turned even more red. "Yes" he replied as he bowed his head. That answer stunned and aroused me. I could not believe the effect this situation was having on me. I was still peeing all over Sam's groin and my pussy was now very wet, but not with pee, and my clit was as hard as it has ever being. If I were to touch it I was sure I would cum immediately. This was without a doubt the most erotic situation I had ever been in in my life.

Finally amongst all this I got control of my bladder. It was not empty but I had now peed enough to stop the flow. "I've stopped peeing now" I said quietly. With that Sam looked at me with the sort of look you get from a puppy dog wanting more, but told it cannot have any more "Why?, why have you stopped"

I thought about the answer for a few seconds. I could not believe what was running though my mind, the images that were forming. I looked him straight in the eye and said "Because I don't want to waste it, after all we will both need a SHOWER when we get home". With that we both laughed, we both knew what I meant by that.

