Title: Desperation
	Entry to: Month 28
By: Mary

I was camping with some friends last summer. My boyfriend Bob, friends Rick and Sheila were on our way for a long weekend is an isolated area about 3 hours from home. It all started off as usual, it was a very hot day the day we went. We got into the car and off we were. We had been drinking and drinking due to the heat and after a bit I started to have the feeling of having to go pee. I did not say anything as no one else said anything. I did ask how much longer it would be until we got there, they said not much longer. I figured I could wait. After another bit I was relieved when Rick mentioned that he had to pee and that he had to pee badly. I then added that I also had to pee, at least I was not the first. I watched Rick and could tell that he had to go bad.

He could not sit still. I was starting to burst but since I was able to sit on the heel of my foot it helped me. Finally we got there at the front gate and there werec washrooms there. We all got out and everyone had to pee something awful and we all rushed over to the bathrooms. The camp ground was very small and there was no one there as it was late in the season. We were lucky to have such nice weather. Anyway after we all went pee we then registered and drove into our site. The site was far in and quite far from the front gate.

The only washroom/showers were at the front gate and we had to drive each time. We get to our site and park and set up our tent. After we were all set up we went for a long walk. When we got back I had to go to the bathroom. we all got into the car to drive to the front age. It was dark now and finding it was harder now. I really had to pee badly and could not sit still, I was bouncing around like crazy as I for some reason I had to pee bad. Anyway thank god we found it and we all went pee and returned to our site.

Later that night we were sitting around the fire and of course drinking and drinking. We were sitting and all of a sudden I heard a growl, a very loud growl. We looked up and saw a very large bear coming toward us. I almost pissed my pants right then but I did not. We all got up abd rushed into the car. The bear was huge and scary. We got into the car, Bob put the keys in and tried to start the car but it was dead. We had left the lights on earlier and now the battery was dead. We thought the bear would go away soon and we could get into bed fo the night. Well the bear did not leave, we tried to make noise but it stayed for some reason. After 1 hour I had to pee again.

"I hope this dam bear leaves soon, I got to go!" I said.

Rick replies "Me too!"

"Yup, ditto." retorts Bob.

"How about you Sheila?" I ask.

"Well I have had to go before we got into this car." Sheila states.

We all sat there wondering how long this bear was going to stay. Another 1/2 hour passed and I really had to pee.

"I hate to mention this but I am bursting!!!" I exclaimed.

"I think that we all as bursting." Sheila replied.

The urge to pee was coming in waves now. I would get a strong wave and then it would subside. This was going on for a awhile. Rick was squeezing his penis hard and Sheila was rubbing her crotch and Bob was wiggling. Then a major wave came over me. I had to wiggle like crazy, the feeling was bad. The urge was very strong and stayed a long time. I had to go so bad. We got to get out of this car. The bear looked like it was leaving but it did not. Rick was moaning and whining.

"It's bad, I can't hold it. I can't hold it! He cried.

He then started to leak into his pants, it started as a slow leak but I could heat a lod hiss. Waves of relief came over him.

I could hardly stand the feeling, I was bursting at the seems. Then I heard a faint cry. Sheila was crying. She started to pee her pants. I though no way will I. Then a strong wave came over me I had to double over. My muscles were getting weak and tired. I felt a small amount of pee leak passed my straining muscle. I could not stop that spurt. I clamped down hard and had to concentrate hard as another bad wave was coming over me. Then it hit, my muscle tried hard to prevent the spurt that escaped. This was longer and I got a wet spot on my panties. Then another huge wave hit and I could not stop it from leaking and I soaked my pants. Finally Bob had to aslo pee his pants. The bear stayed and we had to stay put all night long sitting in our wet panties and pants.

