Deirdre was late for work. She rushed out of bed at around 7:45am, got washed and changed into a navy blue business top and knee–length skirt with a white blouse and black shoes. She felt a slight twinge in her bladder, but ignored it because she felt she would use the toilet when she got to work.
However, when she got to her local station, she had to wait twenty minutes for the train. By this time, she felt the need to go even more and started slight fidgeting on the spot. She looked for a toilet at the station and found one, but when she walked to the toilet door, she couldn't open it– the sign on the front said "Out of Order".
The train eventually came, but it was crowded with passengers. She was already late, so she pushed into one of the carriages. She felt squeezed in between other passengers, which put pressure on her bladder. Whilst on the journey, the train slowed to a halt. The driver announced that there was a point failure further down the line, which meant there would be a delay.
Deirdre could not believe it– she was now going to be even late for work and badly needed to wee. Her fidgeting was getting more noticeable and some people were beginning to look at her. She felt herself getting more desperate. If she couldn't get to work in time to use the toilet, she would have an accident on the train. That would be embarrassing. Half an hour later, the train was still delayed, and Deirdre was in real trouble. She crossed and squeezed her legs together, trying with all her might to hold her wee in. She noticed that an attractive young man was looking attentively at her.
"What is the matter?" he asked softly.
"I don't know how to say this– but I really need to wee," Deirdre replied.
"Could you do a favor for me?" the man asked.
"What's that?" Deirdre said, looking puzzled.
The man face blushed a bright red and whispered in her ear.
"Er...I– I– get a sexual kick about seeing a woman needing to wee." Then he whispered what he wished that she would do for him.
Deirdre looked shocked. She couldn't understand why anyone would get sexually excited about a woman being desperate, but eventually agreed.
"Okay, if you want me to do it, fine– and if you're very good, I'll give you something else worth your while." With that she gave a wink.
After another ten minutes, the train finally restarted its journey, and Deirdre was so desperate, she thought she was going to wet herself in front of the other passengers. The young man she befriended was getting so turned on by her predicament that his penis developed a huge hard on straining against his jeans. Deirdre almost let out some wee, which made her jam one hand into her crotch. Some of the other passengers looked at her disapprovingly, but she didn't care because she was on the verge of losing it.
When the train finally reached the main station, Deirdre grabbed the young man's hand and rushed across the platform to find a quiet corner. She was now on the verge of wetting herself, but the man asked her to hold it for a while longer. She moaned while she clutched herself tightly as she squirmed and repeatedly curtseyed. The man got his penis from out of his jeans and started to gently stroke it– he didn't want to climax straight away.
"I–I can't hold it any longer!" Deirdre screamed, and felt some wee soak her panties. She took her hand away and looked down at the small wet patch that formed on her skirt, and then quickly grabbed herself again. However, more pee soaked her skirt some more and trickled down one leg.
"Please, hold it in, you can do it," pleaded the man.
But it was too late. The wee had already started to trickle down Deirdre's legs. She gave up having to hold it and let go. She continued grabbing her crotch as she felt the wee seep through her fingers. She looked down at the puddle she was creating, and gave a huge sigh of relief. The man stared at her intently, still stroking his penis.
When Deirdre finished, she asked the man to stand in front of her. She went down on him to give him a blowjob. After fifteen thrilling minutes, the man had come, shooting his load into Deirdre's mouth.
"Thanks very much for a great morning," the man said.
"My pleasure," Deirdre replied, with a smile on her face. She looked away and took a pen and paper from her handbag to ask for the man's phone number, but he had already disappeared. She was disappointed, because she really enjoyed herself that morning– the problem now was that she still had to walk to work with a wet skirt.
Neville