A Hold To Remember

Posted by coolniceguy on February 1st, 2011 at 5:32PM

Hey there. I have a great story about a time I held in my pee for a very long time. I’m a 24-year-old blonde woman, tall, and in good shape. So it all started one morning a few weeks ago. I woke up, got out of bed, went into the bathroom, and took a nice hot shower. When I got out I brushed my teeth, combed my hair, and all that stuff that one normally does in their morning bathroom visit; except, that is, use the toilet. I had emptied my bladder the previous night, and was not feeling any urge to go, and as I know I can hold a lot and hold it for a very, very long time, I refrained from going. After that I went about my morning as normal, having a few cups of coffee with my breakfast.

Having eaten, I went out and did some shopping, finding a new blouse and some new panties. As the day progressed, my stomach began rumbling with more and more force, until I was forced to stop shopping around 1 pm to get some lunch. I went to the local Subway, where by coincidence I ran into a longtime friend, Cindy, who I would go clubbing with every so often. And, expectedly, she invited me to go out with her and some other friends for a night on the town. I had nothing planned for that night, so I readily agreed.

After eating with her, and having a large Mountain Dew, we went shopping together for some hours. Around this time I began to feel some pangs in my abdominal region, telling me that my bladder was indeed feeling the effects of the drinks I had been consuming. Still, it was no problem at all, and I knew I could just keep holding it, so that’s what I did. Cindy, on the other hand, began complaining about needing a trip to the bathroom not too long after lunch, and as we entered a clothing store, she excused herself as soon as she saw a restroom sign. 

Finally it was dinnertime, and Cindy told me that she and the rest of the group had made a reservation at a rather nice restaurant to start the evening off. The reservation was for 7, and as it was already past 6:30, we decided to get a move on. First, however, she excused herself once more to go to the restroom at the store we were now in. She waited a bit, as if expecting me to follow, and after a short pause I did, but I stopped and waited for her outside the door. Cindy seemed a bit surprised that I was not availing myself to the toilet just before dinner, as it had been over 5 hours since we had met up, and she had already used the bathroom, but I still was not having too many problems holding it in, though I will admit that by this point I had a decent urge to go and pee. 

We arrived at the dinner only 10 minutes late, and had a very nice waitress come to give us our orders. Everyone ordered drinks from the wine menu, and a few, including myself and two of the men, Brad and Shawn, also got glasses of water to counterbalance the effects of the wine. We stayed at the table eating, drinking, and laughing for a little over an hour, before taking a short walk to the first club of the night. Once we got in we went up to the bar and ordered drinks; well, all of us except Cindy and one of the guys, who told us they were hitting the bathrooms and would be right back. By the time I had finished my first cocktail I could tell that my bladder was sending me increasingly strong signals that it wanted relief, and though I could still hold back my pee without too much difficulty, I found that I was pressing my legs together more than normal.

I had another cocktail while there, then we took off for another club. This time when I got up I felt a definite lurch from my bladder and had to bend over for a second while squeezing my legs together to keep completely sure I had firm control over myself. The walk to this next club was also a bit tough, but I managed it alright. My bladder was now containing about 22 hours worth of pee, so its fullness was to be expected. Still, I knew I have a very strong bladder, so I continued to wait instead of using the bathrooms.

On the other side of the coin, as soon as we got to the second club, a good deal of our party had to leave to use the bathrooms before sitting down for their first drink. Only myself, Brad, Shawn, a woman named Sandra who seemed to be a few years older than everyone else, and a few others did not use the facilities. I had a couple pints of beer while at this club, and soon I noticed Shawn shifting around uneasily. After a half hour of his squirming, which was becoming more pronounced, he finally got up, squeezing his crotch with one hand, and made his way to the men’s room. 

When we left this club, it was around 11 at night, and we wanted to hit up one more club before calling it a successful evening. By this time my bladder was very full, and I was having to squirm back and forth just a little, and with my legs either crossed or pressed firmly together, to keep all of that piss in there. Cindy was looking at me as we left, and seemed more than a bit shocked that I still hadn’t peed since meeting her. If only she knew I hadn’t peed at all that day! Brad and Sandra were also giving me a curious look or two as we headed for club number three, as they were the only others that had also stayed at the bar the entire time without getting up.

We made it to the final club and sat ourselves down at the bar. I had to pee quite badly now, but had decided with myself that I was not going to go until we were done clubbing. Plus, I knew my bladder, while very full, could still last without being relieved. Also, I was beginning to get a bit curious myself as to how good Brad and Sandra were at holding, and if they would also last this final club without a visit to the loo. The more I watched them, it appeared that they were in a relationship, as they were hugging each other a lot and were not being very shy with each other. I decided to make this last stop a bit more interesting, so I resolved to drink the same amount as Brad and Sandra did, as they seemed to have been keeping pace with each other for the whole night. My bladder shuddered as I saw them each order a pint of shandy, but I was confident in my ability to wait, and ordered the same.

An hour and another pint later, my bladder was begging to release the now more than 25 hours of piss that it had been storing. I was pretty fidgety by this point, but as I looked over at Brad’s right leg, I could see that it was moving up and down considerably, and with great regularity, and Sandra, who was standing beside him for the moment, was crossing her legs and dipping down every so often. It was quite obvious that all three of us were in rather desperate need of the bathroom, so much so that Cindy even came over and offered to show me where it was, as she was going for what seemed like the hundreth time that night. I told her I didn’t have to go, smiled, and forced myself to sit still. She stayed and watched me for a minute, which was pure agony for my bladder muscles, but then she was gone and I was free to squirm again. 

My bladder now back under control, I turned to see Brad and Sandra both staring at me. I stared back and smiled, my need obvious, though they seemed to have gotten some more room in their bladders, for they appeared to be a bit less fidgety than before. Finally Brad broke the silence and asked me, “So you like holding it as well?” I looked at him, saw he was serious, and replied, “Yes, very much, especially because I’m good at it.” At this they smiled, and Sandra said to me “So are we!…Fancy another pint then?” I paused for a moment, considered my bladder’s current condition, and told her “Yes, of course, I’d love one more.” With that the bartender came over, and our drinks were refilled.

We drank, all three of us squirming a very good deal, hands occasionally kneading our crotches, legs crossed for long stretches of time, until finally we were all finished. “Still doing alright?” Sandra asked me. “Yes,” I replied, “I can still hold it all. I assume you two can as well?” They both nodded, then looked at each other. They seemed to be having a sort of mental conversation, and it went on with nothing but looks and slight head movements for a minute or two, before they looked back at me and Brad said, “You really like holding it, don’t you? Sandra and I have been looking for another woman who’s into it and is as good as we are for some time! Think you’d like to have some holding contests and games with us?” I loved the idea, and told them so. They beamed, then told me to follow them. I readily did, as we all waved goodbye to Cindy and the rest of the bunch.

Walking down the street was not easy business for any of us, but we squirmed our way down a few side streets before coming out back near the main road, where we got a taxi and Brad gave the driver an address. I assumed we were going to their house, as Brad had told me we would be doing during our short walk, and was thus surprised when we got out of the cab right at another club. I looked questioningly at Brad, who smiled and said, “Don’t worry, we’re pretty near bursting too, we’ll just have one pint here and be off.” Sandra added in, “It’s what we do to end a good night of holding; have one final pint when we think we can’t.” I felt a wave of urgency as I entered the club, but I took Brad and Sandra at their word, still trusting my bladder to be good for one more pint. 

We found a spot at the bar, ordered our drinks, and set about squirming around once more. A look from the bartender as he got us our drinks told us that he knew we were in serious need of the restrooms, though he said nothing. Gulping down this last pint, I felt my bladder being filled to its absolute capacity. My holding muscles were tiring some, but, though I was desperate, I still was quite sure that I would not wet myself. I guessed Brad and Sandra felt the same way, as they were not rushing a good deal to drink their pints, nor was I.

Eventually we all finished, and resolved to head back to Brad and Sandra’s house which, they told me, was a bit of a mansion actually. Getting up one final time from the bar was quite difficult, as another, larger, wave of urgency swept over me. I tightened my sphincter as hard as I could and managed to hold it all in. When I looked over at Brad and Sandra, they too seemed to be going through their own struggles with their bladders, though all of us made it back into a free taxi without a drop lost. 

Twenty minutes of bladder pain later, we arrived at the mansion. I got out of the taxi and my jaw dropped. The place was HUGE. Brad and Sandra laughed a bit at my reaction and told me that they were actually quite, quite rich, and were thus able to enjoy their holding games whenever they wanted. I felt so envious of them, for I had always had to make sure I didn’t have anything important going on in the office I had been working at for the past year before deciding to hold it. When I told them this, they considered it briefly, then made me an offer I totally didn’t expect.

“Look,” Sandra said, “we really like you, and you’re great to include in our holding contests. How about this? If you can hold it as long as us then we’ll let you live in your own room in the mansion, and you’ll never have to work again.” I don’t think I’ve ever said yes to someone faster than I did right then. She then warned me that I may have to end up holding it for some extra hours, and she and Brad hadn’t peed since the previous evening. They seemed impressed when I told them the same thing.

We entered the mansion, and it seemed to be even larger inside than it looked from the road. Of course, I couldn’t take much time to gaze at how nice everything was, because my bladder was sending waves of desperation through my body and I had to fully concentrate on my sphincter muscles to hang on. “So what now?” I asked them once we were inside. “Well, now we’ll just…..sit down, and see how much longer we can last.” Brad said, having to pause midway to clutch his crotch hard. “Oh,” I told them, “I was thinking of something else.”

“What?” asked Sandra. “Well,” I said, “I was thinking we could go to bed now and try and last until morning…unless, of course, you can’t do it.” The challenge at the end made them smirk a little, and the looked at each other briefly, and then back at me. “I’m liking her more and more already. Ok, you’re on!” Sandra said.

Before we could head upstairs, Brad walked as fast as he could, which by this time was not very, to the kitchen, where from he produced another glass of water for each of us. “I thought we might need a drink before we head up,” he told us, his smile returning despite his desperation. Sandra and I quickly agreed that we were both oh-so-very thirsty, and we all took the cups and drained them. Then we hobbled up the stairs to the second floor. “So where’s my room?” I asked them, dipping and bobbing in desperation. Sandra looked at Brad and they both smiled again. She said to me, “Why don’t you just come into our room and sleep with us?” I did not need to be asked twice, and before long we were all lying on their bed, naked and squirming.

Before long we noticed that Brad’s penis was standing at attention, and Sandra implored me to help her do something about it. An hour of wild three-way full bladder sex ensued. We kept bouncing on each other’s bladders and pushing on them, and it felt so good for all of us. I lost count of the number of orgasms everyone experienced. And our bladders were so strong that we were just able to keep holding on after cumming without losing so much as a drop of pee. Finally spent, we all laid in bed, sweating and shaking, both from the intensity of the sex and the desperate urgings of our swollen bladders, which seemed to have doubled. Luckily, we were all so exhausted that sleep overtook us before we knew it.

When I woke up the next morning, the first thing I noticed was that I wasn’t in my own home. The second thing I noticed was an almost ungodly need to use the bathroom. As I grasped for dear life between my legs, willing myself to hold in all my pee, the previous day’s events all came back to me. I smiled despite the pain in my bladder. I reached down and felt it, and took my hand away almost immediately when I realized how very full it was. My bladder was gigantic, possibly containing more pee that it ever had before, and I loved how huge it appeared. I looked a couple months pregnant with piss. Forgoing clothes, I got out of bed gingerly, telling myself strictly that I was not to pee yet, for the morning urge would surely subside soon. I made it down the steps very carefully, and found Sandra and Brad in the kitchen, making breakfast, also in the nude.

They were both dancing around from the need of their bladders. They were running around frantically, trying to finish making food without losing their pee in the process. I could tell it was going to be a close thing. Their bladders were bulging out just as much as mine was, and I could tell that this level of holding was new territory for all three of us. Sandra was the first to see me. “Hello there.” She said, walking in place to keep control of herself. “Hello!” Brad said without turning around from his place at the stove.

He was flipping eggs with one hand and had the other one firmly on his penis. “Fancy some breakfast, dear?” Sandra asked me, putting plates on the table as quickly as she could. “Ye…..yes please.” I said, pausing as a wave of urgency ripped through me. Our bladders were all soooo full. Brad put the eggs on plates, and Sandra fetched some toast and bacon. Then Brad began pouring us each a mug of coffee and a glass of orange juice. Sandra and I both moaned and squeezed ourselves for all we were worth as Brad tried his best to finish pouring.

Finally we all sat down for breakfast, three pairs of legs crossed very tightly, all of us bouncing up and down trying to keep in all of our pee. Not much was said, as we were all embroiled in our own separate battles with our distended bladders. Just when I thought breakfast was finally over Brad refilled our glasses with orange juice, and by the time that was done, the need to pee was getting dire. “Oh my God, this feels so good! I don’t want it to end yet!” Sandra moaned, and Brad and I couldn’t help but agree. I tried to think of something for us to do, but it was difficult to ignore my bladder long enough. Finally I got an idea. “How about a movie?” I suggested. “Ok.” Brad said and began hobbling to the living room to find a DVD. “No, no,” I stopped him, “I mean we go to a THEATER and see a movie.”

Sandra and Brad stared back at me with looks of pure terror. “What if we can’t hold it?? I’m already bursting more than ever!” Sandra yelped, hands desperately kneading her crotch. “What? Afraid your iron bladders aren’t up to the challenge?” I smirked back, even though I was bobbing wildly with crossed legs at this point. Brad and Sandra looked nervously towards each other, and finally Brad smiled. “Alright, let’s do it, my bladder could use some training anyways,” he said. Sandra moaned loudly but agreed as well. I gave a little fist pump and we hobbled to their car after dressing, where their butler Jeeves had just pulled in. He smiled and agreed to drive us to the theater, as none of us were capable of it.

We arrived and looked at the movies. “Ah! Bedazzled! It’s the shortest one!” Sandra cried. They went up to buy tickets, but right as we reached the desk I cut in front of them and bought three tickets for Avatar instead. We bought 1 liter waters for ourselves and then sat down in the back of the theater. There we sat, with 36 hours separating us from our last bathroom visit, all squirming constantly to hold our personal floods at bay. An hour in and Brad had a death grip on his dick, keeping his pee forced inside. Sandra looked as if she would lose it any second. Her legs were double crossed and she was panting and grinding her hands into her vagina. I had my thighs squeezed together hard enough to crush diamonds, and my bladder was constantly pulsing with huge amounts of need.

Somehow the movie ended before our control did, though it was a very close call. Jeeves arrived to take us home, and when we reached the bedroom and got nude again all hell broke loose with our extreme urges to finally pee. Sandra was pee dancing as if her life depended on it, oooh-ing and aaah-ing like crazy. Brad was moaning in agony as he held his penis. I was plugging up my pussy with both hands and was frantically jogging in place. Somehow, our iron control of our sphincter muscles allowed us to all hang on for another hour in this state, puffing and sweating and cursing and hopping around. 

Then Sandra’s bladder gave in to its unbearable need. She moaned so loudly that I turned to look at her, and when I did, I saw that there was a wet spot on the floor beneath her and a dribble coming from between her legs. Desperately she flew to the bathroom and sat on the toilet for the first time in nearly 40 hours. She screamed with pleasure as her bladder unloaded its massive contents. The sound of her long held pee hitting the bowl was too much for Brad to handle. Pee began coming out of his dick despite his grip, and he too rushed into the bathroom and began uncontrollably pissing between Sandra’s legs and into the toilet. The relief was so great for Brad that he could barely stand, getting weak at the knees from the sensation of finally pissing. 

I made my way into the bathroom to watch this spectacle, two expert holders finally losing the battle with their iron bladders. My bladder was sending unbelievable waves and cramps to try and get me to follow their example, but I grimly pressed on my vagina harder and held on with the last shreds of my exceptional control. After over 3 minutes, Sandra’s stream died down, and after another minute Brad’s did as well. They were so lost in the pleasure of their piss that they didn’t realize I was there as well until I couldn’t help but start yelling from the pee pressure.

Then they looked at me and Sandra smiled and said to Brad, “Well, she certainly lasted as long as us, even longer in fact, and that was the most fun I’ve ever had holding it!” Brad nodded in agreement, then looked at my desperate, clutching form and said, “You win. You get to stay with us if you’d like.” I didn’t hear him, however, for at that moment I felt my sphincter start to give out and I bore down with everything I had left to keep my pee in me. I knew it would start jetting out of me any second.

Brad repeated himself to me, and this time I heard and looked up. “Thank you……..the toilet…..i must….” I got out between gasps. He looked at me, still smiling. “Oh, right, of course, how silly of us. Come on, Sandra, I think this girl needs some relief.” With that they moved away from the toilet and I threw myself upon it. As soon as my butt hit the white porcelain my pee began spewing out of me. I was like a tap on full blast. The relief I felt was indescribable. I had so much pee in me that it took minutes to get my bladder empty, even with how forcefully I was hissing the pee out. Finally my stream ended and I slumped back on the toilet, relieved at last. And as I heard some moans of pleasure coming from the bedroom, I knew that some empty-bladder sex was just what the doctor ordered.

Unfortunately this story is fiction, but I'd love it if the people in this story were real. =)Vote up! 2

