Lunambra 2-4

Author: Bulge Lover

Chapter Four - Pleasure

Queen Jenara was naked, now. Mary stood before her, her whole body shaking from both desperation and excitement. Jenara reached out and grasped Mary's dress, pulling it up to reveal the girl's most secret spot. It was obviously damp, her lower hair glistening. Jenara sat down on the grass, leaning against the fallen tree. Mary sat down in front of her, clinging between her legs with both hands. Jenara unfolded her legs from under her and spread them out, showing the girl what only her husband and closest servants have seen before. Jenara raised one finger and placed it between her legs, rubbing the soft spot at the top of her flower. Jenara was instantly hot, feeling herself grow slick. "Do what I do, girl," Jenara whispered.

Mary gingerly removed her left hand from between her legs. She felt her insides throbbing from fullness, more than she had ever felt before. The Queen's words rang in her ears. You are not yet at your limit. Mary placed the tip of her finger over the fleshy bit and began to press and rub at it. Sensations shot through her body instantly, a wave of warmness and tingling that engulfed her with each motion she made. She watched intently as the Queen's hand moved further down, pinching the lips between her legs and gyrating her fingers against the soft skin. The Queen began to moan softly through her tightly closed mouth.

"The main trick...is to relax," Jenara gasped out. "If you are anxious, or afraid, or stressed, you will never get all the way there. Let go of all your inhibitions, free your thoughts."

"Mmmph," was all that Mary could manage. Pulses of pleasure flew up and down her naked, sweaty, desperate body. Behind it all, her bladder cried out in torment as she refused it all it wanted. Could the Queen really be right? Can I really get more full than this? If I was truly about to lose control, wouldn't I have leaked by now? "My Queen," Mary panted. "I am trying to do as you say, but my belly throbs and my thoughts will not leave it. I cannot focus..."

Jenara looked down at the girl, twisting about in the grass, covered in sweat and with her slender belly protruding slightly. The Queen rolled over and knee-walked towards Mary, laying down next to her. "It hurts, doesn't it, girl?" Jenara said. "It feels as though your whole body is pushing down between your legs. But at the same time, does it not feel good for you?"

Mary thought about it. It really hurt, that was for sure. But at the same time, the pulses from her bladder and those of her flower combined caused sensations she could never have imagined in her wildest dreams. She had to relieve herself soon, her body would give her no choice. But she did not want the sensations to stop. Not yet. "I...think I like it," Mary said. "Usually when I need to pee bad, the pressure is just here," she placed a hand on the mound above her womanhood. "But now, when I have need greater than ever before, I feel it everywhere. It is an entirely new feeling."

Jenara reached out and grasped Mary's shoulders, pulling her close. They were almost embraced, Jenara's breasts pressing up against Mary's belly and hips. "And it will only get stronger the longer you hold on," Jenara whispered. "Let's try something new..." Jenara placed her right hand against Mary's thigh, and slowly moved it towards her quivering privates. Mary gasped and feigned quiet protests, but did nothing to stop Jenara as she slid her middle finger into Mary's body. Whatever the Queen was doing in there, Mary's legs instantly went limp and she leaned back into the grass, nearly screaming in pleasure. Jenara's left hand shot up and pressed tightly against Mary's mouth. "Be silent. If we are found, I cannot even begin to describe what would happen."

Mary squeaked her agreement and gritted her teeth, thrusting involuntarily against Jenara's hand. Mary squeezed her eyes shut, and in her pleasure, her thoughts began to focus entirely on this minute, this second. Her body still screamed for relief, but she no longer cared. All she could care about was this beautiful, powerful woman sending the lights of Heaven directly into her body. She grasped both of her breasts with her free hands and squeezed them, rubbing the half-inch long nipples with her thumbs. Before she could feel it coming, her body tensed up, going stiff and shaking like a naked farmhand in the dead of winter. An impossible feeling shot throughout her body, radiating from her belly, to her head, down her legs and arms, and back again. She went completely limp, breathing heavily and staring up into the cloudless sky.

A few seconds later, the Queen's voice rose softly to meet her ears. "I thought I was the only one who could squirt like that..."

Mary gasped and clamped her legs shut. "Squirt? Did I pee? Oh my Queen, I am so-"

"Ssshhh," Jenara hissed. "You did not do that. I can taste that it isn't...when a woman has her final pleasure, fluids can gush out regardless of if she needs relief or not. You had so much, though...maybe because this is your first time."

"Maybe-OH, NO," Mary cried out, twisting her legs tighter and stuffing her hands back down there. "Now that you've stopped, my need is much worse. If we are done, can I-"

"I never said we are done," Jenara interrupted. "One great advantage we women hold against men, is that we can feel this as much as we like. We need not wait. I think you need one more."

"I'm going to BURST," Mary spat. "You say I can wait, but I feel it, ready to come out."

"I have never told a single soul this before now," Jenara said suddenly. "But something extraordinary happened during my time in Olsha Fortress. The bandits had me chained up in a locked cell, on a stone slab. There was another women in the cell with me, an adventurer who was mistaken for myself. Before I was captured, at the feast the previous night, I made my home next to a barrel of wine, and I limited my intake of it in no way whatsoever. As I was chained there, I grew so full that it looked like a baby could pop out of me at any moment.

Despite all my training, all my discipline, I was going to wet myself in front of those heathens. I would have had to flee the Kingdom. Anyway, this woman did something I could have never imagined. She crawled up next to me and asked if I would do anything to save my pride in front of my captors. I said 'yes,' of course. She climbed over me and placed her whole mouth over my privates just as I lost control. She drank me for over ten seconds, and because of it, I escaped the fortress with my honor intact to all but that girl and one of my servants."

"Why are you telling me this?" Mary choked out behind tears of desperation. Jenara did not answer. She grasped both of Mary's legs and wrenched them apart with surprising strength. Mary shouted out involuntarily, but went limp a third time as Queen Jenara shoved her face between Mary's legs. The feeling of a tongue entering her was unmistakable yet horrifically shocking. "What in the hell-" Mary's words were cut off by a wave of pleasure greater than any before. She just gave up and collapsed backwards, accepting the sensations that the Queen was giving her. It didn't matter how strange it was, it didn't matter that she was a stable girl getting serviced by a Queen, it didn't matter that her bladder was giving out-

Wait, no, I can't, not like this- But her body was having none of it. She exhaled her long-withheld relief as she felt pulses of pee bursting out of her with every breath. With what little strength she had left, she looked down, afraid of what she might see. The Queen was still between her legs, her mouth pressed against her. As she described a minute before, she was drinking everything that Mary put out. Soon she pulled back, gasping for air, and began to lick the tip of Mary's flower as her pee sprayed out across the grass. Mary simply did not have the energy to be shocked at this. She felt Jenara's arms wrap around her, and she fell asleep while her waters still poured out.

