Blair was grocery shopping for the big party she was having the next day. All she could think about as she walked down the aisles was the huge amount of fun she would have with all of her girlfriends. Unfortunately, she had gotten so caught up in everything she was doing at home that she had forgotten to go to the grocery store until the very last minute.
"I hope I can manage to get there before it closes" –she thought to herself.
It was still open, but it was only 20 minutes from closing time. As she hurriedly made her way down the aisles, she was distracted by something going on in the back room. It sounded like an employee was getting fired, or at least yelled at a whole lot. So she hid behind a display of donuts, and listened. Finally, the argument ended, without the words "you're fired," but Blair didn't dare move for fear of being caught.
Suddenly, the lights went out, and Blair became extremely worried. She ran to all the doors. They were locked. She was stuck in the grocery store until the next day, when they opened. Blair decided to make the best of it.
"It won't be so bad. At least I won't starve to death, and I can have all the drinks and fun I want," she thought to herself.
So she proceeded over to the refrigerated section, and took down 3 six–packs of beer. She started drinking them one by one, and proceeded to finish off two and a half of the six packs. She lay in the napkin and paper towels section, where she had made herself a bed with a giant pack of toilet paper, and used rolls of paper towels for pillows.
Soon enough, Blair began to feel pressure in her stomach, and she knew what that meant. She had a fairly weak bladder, and knew that she had to find the bathroom soon. She began to run all over the store while feeling the pressure building in her bladder, looking for the employee bathrooms, but all the doors were locked.
"Oh my God. I'm going to pee all over myself, and when they find me tomorrow, they'll laugh at me," Blair thought.
Then she had an idea. She found the aisle where they had adult diapers. She ripped open the smallest ones (for she had a perfect figure), and proceeded to pull down her pants and panties and put the diaper on. She kind of liked the feeling, and decided not to pee just yet, but to see how long it took.
About 20 minutes had passed, and Blair was getting really desperate. She could feel the pee just outside her vaginal opening, but she didn't want to let go just yet. She shoved her hand in the diaper and held her pussy from releasing her golden flow. Finally, she couldn't take it anymore, and pissed all over her hand and filled the diaper up.
Blair had enjoyed it so much. Her pussy was tingling, and she unconsciously started to rub her aching clit. Softly and slowly, tracing circles around it, and then building pressure and speed, until she reached the most intense orgasm she had ever felt. She writhed and shook all over the aisle floor, loving every moment of it. She knew she had found a new passion.
She soon felt her bladder become full again, but this time she didn't want to use the diaper. She took the diaper off, threw it in a trashcan, and began to run around the grocery store with nothing but her shirt on. She was horny now, and needed something to satisfy her burning passion. Just the feeling of being so free sent a tingle up her spine, and she went ahead and released a small trickle onto the floor. She ran over to the shampoo, where she found a long round bottle of shampoo. She placed it between her legs, and moved it back and forth over her clit, sending her over the edge quickly, and released a brand new flood all over the bottle and floor. She sat in her puddle of gold, and thought about her day. She slowly drifted off to sleep, with visions of diapers and shampoo bottles dancing in her head.
Dribblets