Note: This story contains Female & Male Desperation, Accidental & Deliberate Wetting, and Exhibitionism.
Over the years, the wife and I have had a lot of wetting experiences with other parties and privately. We never wrote about these, choosing to be anonymous at her request. She's passed away now, and I'm too old to be intimidated anymore so here it comes.
First of all, we determined there were TWO kinds of pee. Ordinarily the kidneys filter blood and send the waste to the bladder. This contains, among other things, acetic acid also known as vinegar, and this gives it the yellow tint you see. We called this DIRTY PEE. However, if you drink a lot of liquid in a relatively short time (guzzling NOT recommended) it becomes a clear liquid since the bladder is accepting this faster than the kidneys can insert the waste. We called this CLEAN PEE and always made a point of using the toilet normally for the first two pees. This flushes the bladder and now we have fun with the clear and odourless pee.
Here's something we found out the hard way. NEVER PEE IN NEW CLOTHES. Always run them through at least 4 to 5 separate wash and dry cycles before wetting them. This eliminates most of the excess dye in colored clothes and makes them more absorbent (depending on the material). Absorbent clothes always made better videos too. The wife once bought a new pair of jeans and had an accident in them travelling on a subway. The famous "dark horseshoe" had faded the jeans into a permanent "light horseshoe" afterwards due to the acetic acid. She finally cut them into cuffed short–shorts for further pee fests. Actually the magic horseshoe looked quite sexy to me, wet or dry.
Years ago it was awfully hard to find a place to pee in Manhattan as strangers. Being a man I had no problem with point and shoot in an alley, but the wife had her own tricks. She had a skirt which she sprayed the inside of the back of the skirt with waterproofing, leaving the rest of the skirt normal for ventilation. Then when the time came she would spread her legs and stoop just enough so the pee would exit her panty seat and not darken the skirt.((One time she screwed up and wore a brand new nylon panty using the same tactics but it was like wearing rubber pants and she almost had them pulled down by the weight of her pee. She had to pull one leg aside to empty it...what a mess!)
She also liked dark colored polyester knit. Although it shines while peeing, it is super absorbent and spreads rapidly eliminating the telltale stain. 
None of our parties had holding contests. Accidents did happen to the anti–pants wetters but this was due to their own failure to heed nature's warnings or incontinence, or sometimes faked to make it seem like an accident. (Accidental drink spilling is common). The problem with holding contests is that it stretches the bladder to an unforeseen threshold where it can rupture leading to some serious medical problems, especially while intoxicated, and inhibits your freedom of movement...if you fall or run into something this can cause a bladder rupture if stretched to the limit. (It's like an overfilled balloon). 
On long car trips we would wear shorts in case of a road closure. Stalled in traffic, the wife would simply open the back and front door and wet her pants between them (standing up, no less!). I would go to her side of the car and pull one leg up to pee. This pissed her off claiming foul, so I started pissing myself the same way she did (damn it). On motorcycles it was a no–no to have a full bladder. One spill on a bike could cause problems. Several times she would stop her bike, and standing she would just pee her pants. She always kept a large sweater handy to tie around herself if she had to mingle in public.
We always liked card games where the penalties involved peeing your pants– one being a modified version of strip poker where you only stripped the specified pieces, wetting yourself when these were spent. We were experts at this game. But when we had to play wet dominoes, we never did get very good at it. Pee games are left to the imagination and rules of the participants. We loved it.
We also videographed a lot of our antics and got to be very good videographers through trial and error.
One of our problems was lighting. Auto–focus on cameras work good, but when it comes to light those automatic light sensors rarely work right when you're making pee movies. We solved this by getting a separate flood light source using a Variac (an adjustable voltage transformer) to increase or decrease the light as needed. Light clothes need darker light; dark clothes need more light. All this AC mains equipment was elevated to keep it away from the ground and we always stood on something to preclude splashing. Battery operated lights have no such danger and are safer to use than AC.
After many failed videos trying to adjust the light source we got tired of washing clothes and then building another "pot of pee" in our bladders to make another, so we bought a hot water bottle and modified the enema hose. We could then determine where to set the lighting through trial and error using playback on the recorder and just dry the clothes on a shower rod. Actually, the warm water from the bottle felt sexier since it was warmer. 
During our video sessions we found a few things we liked and disliked. We loved symmetry. This is where pee runs down both legs at the same rate and speed, and where our seats would uniformly get wet rising up our asses and running down the leg backs at the same time.
We also thought cotton panties were king when it came to absorbance on panty shots. We tried all sorts of material and didn't use the material that streaked instead of flowing. Of course, this is a matter of opinion.
We disliked vertical "panning" (moving the camera up and down). Instead, we use the zoom feature of the camera for long pants shots. Example: For rear wetting zoom in the seat and zoom out as the wetting flows down. Panning is great if you're going from one subject to the other, but we didn't like interrupting the continuity of one wetting to capture two at the same time.
The first video we made was a fiasco. The light was wrong and while she was wetting herself I interrupted the continuity too often to get the pained looks on her face while she was peeing. After that we decided it was sexier to concentrate the camera entirely on the wetting, keeping continuity while it was occurring, and leaving the facial features for the beginning and end of the scene.
We experimented with a lot of angles; I got peed on a lot going up skirt and up shorts (it was worth it) but so did the camera lens. It took awhile to get into the habit of constant lens cleaning, lest we ended up with spotted video scenes.
I suppose this wasn't a story as many of you expected, but I felt we had something to share and hope you enjoyed it. But remember, nothing is written in stone and what was written is just an opinion.
HAVE A WONDERFUL FUTURE
By: Rayford