Jessica's Horror (part 2)
	Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Female Wetting, Accidental Wetting, Humiliation and Foreplay.
By Gillian

The two flight attendants lead Jessica, still screaming and begging in protest, to her seat. Karen reaches into her apron and pulls out four plastic tie handcuff type devices. Heidi forces Jessica into her seat, after asking the teenage girl next to her to move momentarily. Jessica tries to resist, squirming, but the two flight attendants force her. 

The cabin is all looking at the commotion. Jessica pees into her skirt again, barely able to stop it, her screams louder and her desperation at a peak. All of the passengers in the middle and rear of the aircraft are watching while talking and trying to figure out what is happening. Karen clasps Jessica's wrists to the armrests with the plastic ties, locks them, and then forces Jessica's legs apart and fastens her ankles to the bottom of the seat structure. Karen glances up Jessica's short skirt, now slightly bunched near her waist. She clearly sees the wetness in Jessica's white panties. The pee stain suddenly spreading as Jessica loses control again. Jessica struggles against the restraints, screaming again. 

"NO, please, NO, I need to use the bathroom, NOOOOO," her voice trailing off as she begins to get hoarse, unable to scream any longer. She starts to cry uncontrollably with her voice rasping and breaking down. Losing control causes her to gush into her seat again as pee starts to puddle between Jessica's open thighs. Karen takes one last glance, her nipples tense, her own womanhood excited. Karen realizes she too needs to use the bathroom, but nowhere near as badly as her struggling, arrogant passenger. Karen stands up, walking with Heidi back to the galley. Jessica sits there, unable to move, unable to clench her legs together. Her skirt is in disarray, pulled halfway up her thighs. Her wet panties are on clear display for anyone who walks by to see.

The young teenager looks in shock at Jessica. The dark haired girl across stares at Jessica, looking directly as her panties in between her spread legs. The woman in the corner seat is soundly asleep, not aware of a thing. Jessica looks up, helplessly, unable to talk, unable to move. Restrained. Trapped. She's managed to stop crying, but the pressure inside torments her again. She's still trying to hold herself together. The pain increases. She can barely contain it any longer, again starting to cry uncontrollably with the stinging pressure, her bladder throbbing violently, and muscles weakening. Above her, the "Fasten Seat Belt" sign finally blinks off. Jessica looks up, begging to God in her raspy voice, and notices the sign, then tries to scream, but her vocal chords are gone so she's silent, as the pain mounts in her body.

The teenager beside her giggles before reaching over and pressing against Jessica's tummy, tickling her. Jessica screams, beginning to uncontrollably pee into her skirt, her bladder pulsating beyond her control. The other girl laughs and presses again. Jessica, unable to fight back is totally trapped in her seat. Pee screams out and she can't stop the flow. She watches the aisle as other passengers rush toward the back of the plane, desperate to relieve their own swollen bladders. Jessica sits there in shame, trapped, tortured inside, shaking but unable to conceal anything.

She loses control completely while the girls in her row giggle and laugh loudly. Pee stream after pee stream explode from her body, her panties flooding with hot urine, her slightly transparent Express skirt soaking with pee between her legs. She sits in a puddle of her own hot pee that grows, making a puddle spreading in a circle underneath her while she is trapped in the seat. The seat itself, treated with fabric protector, doesn't absorb much of it. Her pee puddle leaks, with trickles of pee dropping off the seat both in the front and back. Jessica looks in shock, unable to do anything about it. The girl across form her stares, her eyes transfixed on the pee gushing out of Jessica's panties and the puddle growing between her legs, the sizzling noise barely audible over the rushing noise of the jet engines. Karen walks by on the way to the front galley and looks. 

She stares. She catches a glimpse of the wetting passenger and smiles as Jessica looks up at her with pleading, begging eyes. Karen walks on, not responding, letting the unruly passenger suffer as Jessica, dejected, sits there with her head down in shame. Her body is limp; her brown hair messy with sweat, and the pee is still exploding out of her tortured body. Pee drips everywhere before Jessica's bladder finally empties. She cries softly in despair, sitting there in her peed in skirt, with everyone now knowing. Her hoarse gasps and sobs fill the air, she's so tormented that she has a nervous breakdown but is still unable to escape from her seat. She shakes uncontrollably and panics, the wet puddle between her legs still obvious to all. She cries louder, tears streaming down her cheeks, her nose runny, she sobs at the injustice of having to wet herself in front of everyone, trapped in her seat.

The dark haired girl gets up, mentioning that she needs to pee badly, and heads to the back of the plane. She waits in line behind a red headed teenager standing with her mother, both looking desperate and on the verge of wetting themselves. Behind her, two business women, dressed in similar business attire, expensive blue slacks, blue jackets and white blouses, wait behind her. The first woman behind her is in her early 30's, slender, with dark hair tied professionally behind her in a bun. The woman's companion is younger, maybe 25, blonde, average build, and wearing her hair loose. The mother enters the lavatory while the red head stands there and suddenly grabs herself, bending over with the need to urinate apparently extreme.

The look of desperation is clear in her eyes; she is holding back the water she drank while waiting at the gate. Inside the bathroom, her mother, still attractive at 37, pees strongly into the toilet, her bladder relaxing, and her muscles soothed as she urinates. Outside, her daughter is on the edge, about to urinate into her tight low rise jeans, but doubled over, she holds on. The dark haired girl paces nervously, her bladder need strong, the pressure mounting. The dark haired businesswoman behind her is pacing, her body racked with pain. Of everyone in the line, she has to pee the worst, her bladder positively screaming. "Damn, I need to go!!" the woman explains to her companion, a look of terror on her face. "Well, you shouldn't have had 3 beers before we took off, you know!" her partner laughs back.

"I don't know if I can hold it," the other woman says, starting to bend over. "It's only a few people in line, just calm down," the blonde woman replies, laughing at her companions incredible desperation. The dark haired girl hears the conversation and her own need to pee increases. The mother exits the lavatory and the teenager rushes in, barely closing the door before rapidly pulling down her tight jeans. Her panties down by her ankles, pee explodes out of her like a fire hydrant, having barely avoided an embarrassing accident. The pee stream hisses and sizzles as it exits her strained body. She sighs, thankful that she made it in time. 18 years old was too old to be wetting her pants, she thought.

A minute later, she finishes with a smile on her face. Outside, the dark haired girl paces, needing to go. The businesswoman is doubled over, almost crying. She hadn't needed to pee this badly since wetting her catholic girl's school uniform during the SAT tests in high school, her bladder violent inside of her. She looks up and there's only one person in front. "Thank God," she thinks, digging her hands between her legs. The red headed teen exits. The line moves up. At the back of the line, behind the blonde business woman, a plain but somehow attractive and very athletic looking girl with a "Freshman Soccer" sweatshirt bearing her college logo gets in line. She looks wistfully at the line, and clasps her legs together; her green nylon soccer shorts barely covering a slightly bulging athletic rear held tight between her thighs. The pattern of a pair of bikini panties is visible through the tight, thin fabric. 

Waking up from her nap, she had instantly realized that the two quarts of water she had drank before the flight had made their way to her bladder. She stood there, realizing how incredibly desperate she was to go pee. The line seemed so long to her. She looks back over her shoulder towards the front of the plane and sees the front lavatory is occupied. She waits, her legs clenched, the pressure building. She's wearing only her socks, her shoes off, still under her seat. She looks up at the top of the aircraft and sees how the plastic parts fit together. She fights the surging pressure inside of her. She needs to pee SO badly.

As the red head exited, the dark haired girl entered the bathroom. The businesswoman was doubled over, starting to really panic, her bladder on the verge of exploding into her business slacks. Her lace panties clung to her enlarged womanhood, the need to urinate reaching unstoppable proportions. Inside the lavatory, the dark haired girl stood there with a smile on her face. Her ear was pressed to the door, trying to hear what was going on over the noise of the jet.

Outside, the business woman waited, her pee rushing to the edge of her pee hole, about to escape unwillingly into the world, her clothing, embarrassing her. She could barely hold on. Inside, the dark haired girl turned around to the toilet and put the cover down. Sitting on the cover, she relaxed even while still needing to go the bathroom quite badly. She sat there, smiling, her legs apart, her green khaki slacks tight against her crotch and she waited. A few minutes later the businesswoman shrieked in panic as a surge of pressure overcame her. 

A burst of pee thrashed out of her clenched body and soaked her panties, and a small dark stain was visible on her pants. She tensed, her body racked in desperation, and banged on the lavatory door loudly. "Hurry UP, oh God, HURRY UP, I'm about to have a stupid ACCIDENT out here!" she yelled at the girl inside. The dark haired girl heard this and waited. "OH GOD, PLEASE HURRY UP," the woman begged, knocking again, another spurt of pee escaping. The stain spread, her left thigh now wet about halfway down the leg towards the knee. The dark haired girl sat still, smiling, as her nipples grew taut. Her own bladder throbbed incessantly to go. Then the plane lurched in the sky, hitting a bump of turbulence.

The dark haired girl grabbed the handrail and giggled. The businesswoman almost fell and then peed for another few seconds into her slacks. The wet stain spread as she lost control. The college girl with the soccer sweatshirt grimaced, her bladder screaming inside from another moment of turbulence. Up in the middle of the aircraft, Jessica sat there, grasping the handrails, as her bladder convulsed. Pee once again shot out of her body, rewetting her skirt, making the puddle grow once again.

She cried, still trapped, she could do nothing about it. Inside the lavatory, the dark haired girl spread her legs, sitting on the metal lid of the toilet, fully clothed, and relaxed her bladder. Pee exploded out of her pee hole, soaking her panties, the crotch of her green khaki pants tight against her womanhood darkening immediately as pee rushed through the fabric. She sat there, on the toilet cover, peeing into her pants, on purpose! She smiled as she felt the pleasurable warmth spreading through her clothes, the familiar feeling of spreading hot pee in her clothes. 

She touched herself, felt the pee cascading through her pants, her fingers damp with her own hot urine. She licked her fingers, tasting her own salty nectar, smiling. Looking up, she saw the "Fasten Seat Belts" sign flicker on as the plane bumped from turbulence once again. Outside, the businesswoman panicked, knowing she probably couldn't make it. The dark haired girl finished peeing, quickly touched herself and then laughed, opening the door, obviously having peed into her pants, and mumbled something about how she couldn't hold it, she didn't know what to do, and how embarrassed she was as she walked back to her seat.

The pee wetness was seeping down the legs of her pants as she walked, her butt soaked. The businesswoman glanced inside at the lavatory and saw pee on the seat of the metal toilet. The flight attendant pulled her back, telling her that she'd have to go back to her seat. She looked up in panic as her body exploded. Pee raged from her 30-year-old body, soaking her business slacks immediately, with both inner thighs glistening wet within seconds from urinating uncontrollably. 

She screamed, and turned around to look for her companion, embarrassed and ashamed. Her companion was already on the way to her seat. She needed to go too, but wasn't in an emergency. The college soccer girl started to panic, but held her pee in and returned to her seat, desperate and in agony. The soaked businesswoman sheepishly returned to hers, the wetness in her thighs obvious to all that saw her walk by. The plane dropped and then quickly rose, the turbulence striking again. Karen sat down in the jump seat at the rear of the plane, her own bladder throbbing now, but excited at what she was seeing. The dark haired girl had returned to her row. The two sisters almost laughed out loud when they saw her with pee stains and glistening wetness in her slacks.

She looked sheepishly at them as she sat down and looked at Jessica, her legs still apart, pee wetness and a small puddle between her legs. Jessica looked up, and the dark haired girl sat there with her legs apart and emptied the rest of her bladder right there while smiling. "I'm sorry, I had to go so bad and then they made us go back right as I was about to go pee." Jessica panicked. She had never seen adults wet themselves before, and didn't know what to say. Her own body was still sitting in an uncomfortable puddle of pee, which horrified her, yet she was still able to feel sorry for the dark haired girl. She had no way of realizing that the girl had peed herself on purpose while enjoying the sight of the other woman wetting herself.

A few minutes later, the turbulence had subsided and the flight was calmer. Near the back of the plane, Heidi was cleaning up the mess in the lavatory caused by the dark haired girl's accident. The businesswoman sat in shame, strapped in, her clothes soaked with pee. A few rows up, the college soccer freshman sat in her window seat with her legs tucked beneath her, under a burgundy airline blanket. Staring out the window, facing away from the other passengers, she was crying. The flight attendant rolls by with the beverage cart, asking her what she'd like to drink.

"Uh, nothing," she mutters, holding back her tears. "Are you sure?" she's asked. "Oh, a coke," the girl orders, and a can of coke is passed over. The girl tugs on her blanket, tears returning, trickling down her cheeks. A shy girl by nature, she is ashamed of herself, embarrassed. Under the airline blanket, the girl's bladder has just started exploding, releasing surging hot pee streams one after another into her panties and soaking the green nylon soccer shorts. Pee silently floods the seat as the flight attendant walks by.

The girl held herself and cuddled in shame, sitting in her own hot urine, covered by the blanket so nobody could see. As she went ahead and peed uncontrollably into her shorts, she cried louder, ashamed, broken. She had always had problems with her bladder, often peeing into her shorts during halftime of games in desperation, but she could always cover that by pretending she was sweating. She didn't know how she'd get out of this- all of her clothes were below in the luggage hold.

After she finally stopped urinating into her shorts almost a minute later, the pee puddle she lay in grew colder and she shivered under the protection of the blanket. She couldn't lift the blanket or everyone would know she just went into her soccer shorts in her seat. She clutched the blanket tighter, wishing the flight was over and she was had some fresh clothes. She drank her coke in despair while trying to appear normal, reading the in-flight magazine while her pee soaked panties and shorts chafed her muscular legs. She tried to wipe away the tears but they returned quickly as her shame was too much to handle.

An hour or so later, things in the cabin had calmed down. Jessica still sat in utter despair and embarrassment with her legs wide open. Passengers walking by could clearly see the dark pubic mound under her pee soaked panties. Tear marks were also visible, as she had been crying most of the flight. The horror of the day was too much for the graduate student. She sat, trapped in shame. The college girl was crying softly into her blanket, still damp from her pee. Her shorts were sticky and uncomfortable as she squirmed in them, unable to get comfortable. The businesswoman was sitting there in her pee soaked clothes as well, feeling her bladder throb once again and hoping she could hold it until they landed. Then, there was the good news.

"Good afternoon Ladies and Gentleman, this is your pilot speaking. We've been cleared for landing and we're about to begin our descent. We've enjoyed having you aboard, and we thank you for flying with us. Flight attendants, please prepare the cabin for arrival." The speech came over the loudspeaker. Karen and Heidi were in the back of the plane. Heidi looked tired, and Karen needed to use the restroom, the pee having built up in her bladder the entire flight. 

The other flight attendant in the front of the plane sat in her jump seat, and after thirty minutes, the plane was on the ground, taxiing towards the gate. At the gate, the "Fasten Seats Belt" sign clicked off as the passengers all stood up, except for Jessica, still trapped in her seat. Passenger after passenger walked by her, noticing how high the girls skirt was pulled up and seeing the obvious wetness from her many accidents. A few glanced back to look at her obviously soaked panties, transparent from the wetness, the dark thatch of pubic hair clearly visible.

The businesswoman sheepishly walked down the aisle, her companion behind her. The girl in the soccer sweatshirt waited, ashamed now, with her blanket long since stowed away. As she stood there waiting, she knew everyone could see that she had peed into her shorts, the dark stain still obvious against the green fabric. Again, her bladder throbbed, the coke having rapidly made its way to her weakened organ, and she started crying softly. Unable to contain the pressure once again, pee started to trickle down her muscular legs, unable to stem the tide. At first the pee just trickled out but soon it was too much, causing her to flood her shorts again. The stream grew stronger as it burst through her pee hole into her clothes.

19-years-old and a star soccer player for her team, she was again urinating into her shorts in this crowded airplane, but this time the passengers crammed in behind her clearly saw the rivers of pee running down her legs, soaking her socks and shoes before puddling onto the ground. The person right behind her gasped as she saw the girl's soaked shorts and shiny pee stream running down her bare legs just in front of her in the cramped aisle. Embarrassed, the girl wished that the line would move quicker.

She could go get her luggage and then change, before her parents would meet her. She didn't want to have them see her soaking wet. Not like this. This was horrendously embarrassing! Finally the line started to move. The girl squished from the pee that had flooded into her shoes while leaving a trail of pee marks on the industrial strength carpet of the airplane floor. Tears continued to flow down her smooth cheeks.

After all the passengers had finally disembarked, Jessica remained sitting there, looking around. Karen was the last attendant on the plane. Her bladder violently throbbing, she was about to pee into her own flight attendant uniform. She walked over to Jessica and kneeled down beside her- just the two of them, all alone. She looked at Jessica, then her panties, the wetness, and the visible pubic hair. Jessica begs for something to drink, as her is throat parched. Karen pulls out a can of coke, which Jessica downs. She looks helplessly up at Karen, begging to be untied.

"Please, I didn't mean to, honest," she begs, tears returning to her eyes. "Please, also, oh God, I need to use the bathroom again!!" Jessica begs with her bladder once again throbbing in pain from the need to pee again. Karen smiles at her, but does nothing. Jessica begs her again. "OH God, PLEASE untie me, I'm tired of peeing myself," she wails, her words slurring as she starts to cry. Karen crouches there, her eyes right up Jessica's soaked skirt, as Jessica looks at her with swollen eyes, crying uncontrollably. 

"Pee right now," Karen commands as Jessica tries to hold it back, but fails. Her weakened muscles are completely shot. As the flight attendant watches from a few feet away, Jessica uncontrollably pees into her skirt, panties again becoming soaking wet as she urinates into them, the spray of pee clearly audible as it hisses out. Karen watches and feels her nipples tense, a flush coming over her face. She has to pee herself quite badly, not haven gone on the flight, and she watches in awe as Jessica wets herself once again right in front of her. Karen pats the girl's thing as Jessica finally stops going, and then quickly withdraws her hand while smiling. Jessica looked downtrodden and was out of energy. 

The embarrassment of the flight had taken the fight out of the woman. Karen talked softly, but firmly: "Okay. Here's how it goes. You can forget what just happened, and I'll untie you and let you go your way. No formal complaints, No police. Or you can complain, and I'll bring the FBI in and they'll arrest you. It will be my word against your word, and I have witnesses saying you weren't following my orders. That won't be accepted. And, you know, you have to understand that the prisons in this city are full of dykes, and very rough ones. You won't last the night. It's your choice." She looked firmly at Jessica, who was crying with this final shame. "Well?" Karen asked. "Just untie me, please, I won't say anything." Jessica mumbled. "What was that answer?" Karen asked. Jessica pleaded.

"OH GOD, OK, just please, please untie me," before returning to bawling again, broken. Karen did so, and led Jessica out to the front of the plane, walking behind her. Jessica's skirt was totally transparent, her panties clearly visible through the back, clinging to her soaked butt. Karen quickly stroked the back of Jessica's soaked skirt, straightening it out, feeling the wetness against the girl's firm ass. Jessica gasped as Karen licked her fingers, tasting the passengers pee on her hands.

While Jessica walked, pee dripped down her legs with each step. Moments later, she emerged from the plane and tried to cover her face, but everybody had been keeping a curious eye out for the girl who had wet her skirt in the plane. Jessica walked quickly in total shame, headed to the nearest bathroom, trying to figure out what to do. The bathroom was crowded with no stalls available. She left quickly after seeing two security officers in it.

She didn't know what to do. She saw the dark haired girl from the plane standing there, now wearing a clean pair of low-rise jeans. She smiled at Jessica. Jessica partially smiled back while trying to avoid eye contact with anybody. The dark haired girl shrugged and walked away. Jessica hurried down to the baggage carousel, aware that everyone was looking at her and could see what had happened. Looking up, she saw the red letters on the electronic display and found the carousel with her flight's luggage. The two sisters were there and laughed when they saw Jessica walk by. Jessica grew even redder with embarrassment. The soccer star stood there with her wet shorts noticeable to everyone. Jessica looked at her in amazement, shocked that someone else had peed her pants on the flight.

She looked for her luggage. After fifteen minutes, it still wasn't anywhere to be found. An old suitcase was the only thing going around and around on the carousel. The college soccer girl and Jessica were the only ones standing there, both panicking. "Oh no. NOOOO," Jessica screamed. "What," the shy soccer girl asked. "My luggage. It's not on the plane!"

The soccer girl, not having traveled much, panicked. Both girls had peed themselves on the flight and were obviously soaked, and now their luggage was nowhere to be found! An agent walked over and asked if he could help them. The panicking girls gave him their luggage receipts then followed him over to the little booth where he sat. Yet more onlookers gazed at the two girls, one in a soaked see through skirt and the other in a pair of soaked green nylon soccer shorts, who had their soaked garments clinging to their embarrassed bodies.

A few minutes on the computer and the agent turned to them with a glum look in his eyes. "I'm sorry, girls, but your luggage seems to be on another flight. It seems your bags are on their way to LA. Wait, I'm sorry..." he paused, and pointed to the soccer girl. "Your bags are on their way to LA." He looks over at Jessica. "I'm sorry miss, but we don't have any record of your luggage in our system." Jessica screams and then almost faints. Her luggage is lost and she has nothing with her. She peed into her skirt multiple times in view of an airplane full of people, an entire terminal has seen her soaking panties through her wet transparent skirt, and now she has nothing with her.

No clothes. Nothing. She panics, and suddenly realizes that her purse was in the bag too, leaving her with no money and no identification. She starts to sob, breaking down. The college girl also starts to cry, realizing she'll have to go meet her parents with her soaked shorts on. They both walk away, bonding together in mutual embarrassment, when the dark haired girl walks by. "What happened, what's a matter?" she asks them. They both tell their story.

"Look. I'm probably not your size exactly, but come over to the ladies' room with me and you can have a couple pairs of my pants. You don't need to be walking around in wet clothes, okay? Trust me, I know how it feels!" The two girls look at the dark haired girl as if she was an angel. At least their dignity will be preserved. They both agree. The three girls run into the little used ladies' room on the luggage level. The room is empty. "Ok guys, take off your pants," she says to the two girls. The dark haired girl starts unlocking her luggage, and rummaging through it as both Jessica and the soccer star take off their clothes. Jessica stands there, in her clinging blouse and a pair of soaked, totally transparent panties. Her pubic mound is fully displayed, the darkness evident where her most private parts reside. The soaking of the pee is still obvious in her underwear. She hands her skirt to the dark haired girl, who puts it in a plastic bag and lays it on her own bag. 

The soccer girl sheepishly takes off her soaked green soccer shorts, and stands there in her sweatshirt and a pair of soaked light pink panties. Her mound, in all its embarrassed glory, is also exposed from the transparent wetness. She hands the dark haired girl the shorts. "What size are you," the girl asks the soccer girl. "Um, I'm usually a 7," she replies, standing nervously with nothing much on, very exposed. "Ok. And you?" she points to Jessica. "Probably a 5," she replies. "Good. Well, I guess I have to tell you this. Today just isn't your day. You see, I like seeing other girls pee in their clothing! Actually, my partner and I do it all the time. So, like, fuck you both, you arrogant little whores, I'm out of here. Have a bad day!" The two other girls look in shock, and the dark haired girl grabs her bag with an evil laugh, taking the pee soaked girls' skirt and shorts and runs out the door and into a taxi!

The two girls panic, both undressed, exposed, and unable to believe what has just happened. They start to cry and hug each other out of misery, unable to comprehend the mean nature of the girl who just stole their only clothes. They cry uncontrollably, standing in the cold restroom in their soaking wet panties, both of their most private parts visible clearly to the world through the soaked thin, clingy fabric, shocked at the cruelty of the other girl.

Upstairs, at the airport lounge, Karen sits nervously at the bar. Her bladder is throbbing incessantly; she hasn't peed in many hours. She sits alone and orders a large glass of water and a beer. Looking around, trying to contain her urine, she downs both quickly. Then she orders a few Long Island iced teas and a coffee. Struggling to contain her pee, she contemplates ordering another round when she hears the announcement over the intercom. "Attention all passengers. There has been a security breach and all passengers are requested to exit the building to the short term parking garage. I repeat, all passengers have been requested, by federal law, to exit the building. All passengers who are flying will need to be prescreened." Karen sits up, in amazement. Her pee throbbing inside of her, she rushes out to join the mob. Luckily she is in the public area near the front of the airport, not near the gates where the rush starts. 

Walking quickly down the stairs, past the luggage carousels, she heads towards the ground transportation zone. Looking outside, she sees the two girls from her flight, Jessica, and the soccer girl, both without any bottoms. Jessica and the girl stand there trying to get out, half naked, with their wet panties visible for the world to see. News cameramen are surrounding the terminal, and more than one newspaper photographer has seen the two soaking wet girls and snuck a picture of them. Jessica stands there in absolute horror with her new companion, who is trying to find her parents. Both girls are being stared at as everybody sees their matted pubic hair through their pee soaked wet and transparent underwear. The shame both girls feel is immense, this is easily the worst day of both of their lives. Both girls are crying uncontrollably. The shy soccer player chirps like a wounded bird in embarrassment, her face red and shiny with tears as Jessica sobs loudly, both so embarrassed they wished they could die.

At the ground transportation pick up area, Karen, her bladder now reaching emergency fullness, walks onto the hotel shuttle bus, her need to pee so great she is about to urinate into her flight attendant's uniform. She grasps the chrome hold rail as she sits down on one of the vinyl benches inside the crowded bus. The bus lurches forward, Karen almost starts to pee into her pantyhose. Her dark blue skirt is snug against her throbbing tummy, her bladder violently screaming inside.

A few miles outside the airport, a yellow taxi heads towards the downtown area that has a young dark haired girl sitting in the rear. The girl relaxes back, her bag next to her, and she starts to urinate into her tight blue jeans as she reaches into her bag and feels the damp fabric of the two girls' clothes she took earlier. The driver never realizes what is happening, never seeing the spreading pee puddle in the back of his cab. The girl caresses the wet clothing she took from the two passengers as pee floods out of her into her jeans. She smiles, a pleasurable feeling overcoming her once again.

Karen's bus rounds a few bends, her bladder pulsating strongly, her urine burning inside of her. The bus stops, screeching from worn brakes; the automatic door of the van hisses, air escaping loudly from the hydraulics, and slowly opens. Karen awaits, in agony, her swollen bladder screaming at her, as the crowds of other passengers disembark the van. Struggling, Karen disembarks from the van, trying to hold her extremely urgent pee inside of her as she heads to check in to the hotel.

Back at the airport, Jessica and the soccer girl are whisked away by airport security for the commotion they were causing, taken to a more private area and questioned as they stand there, having just peed into their panties in fright in front of the mob of people, pee streams making marks on their naked thighs in the airport. Both girls are still crying uncontrollably, barely able to speak between the sobbing. The security officer can barely understand them as they stand there, dripping wet in their underwear. He smiles as he checks both of them out, their firm bodies on full display in their pee soaked clothing for him to see. At the hotel, Karen is struggling towards the clerk to check in for the night.

*****

The sun arose the next morning, the sky clear and the winds calm. Off in the distance the sound of the planes and the highways could be heard, a soft background noise. The elegant entrance to the hotel reflected brilliantly in the twin lakes in front as people checked out, checked in and kept the clerks busy.

The college soccer player was eating breakfast with her family, trying desperately to explain why she was standing outside that night before in her pee soaked panties and not much else. Her parents were ashamed of her, and had grounded her for the week. Typically shy, she stuck to her room for most of the day. She'd had problems at night; the nightmare of the flight replayed itself. Each time she had the nightmare, she peed in the bed, wetting her sheets, waking up with her boxer shorts soaked with her urine, embarrassed, her mother angry with her 19-year-old daughter who couldn't control her own bladder. The girl would continue to have wetting problems for the rest of college from this incident, including peeing her pants at graduation in front of her parents and a thousand other seniors. She became afraid to date or go out with her friends, always worrying if she would pee in her pants in public again, the nightmares of that horrible flight forever torturing her.

The lobby of the hotel was busy at lunchtime. Crowds everywhere. Karen had awoken earlier, cleaned the room as best she could, and met her friend Heidi, the other flight attendant, for lunch. They waited and waited for nearly 50 minutes to finally get a small table, enjoyed a lunch, not talking much. Heidi mentioned all the commotion on the flight, remarking she'd never seen so many people wet themselves on a flight. Karen couldn't reveal what she was thinking, but agreed. The conversation continued as the two left the table, heading across the table to the elevators. "You know," Heidi giggled to Karen, "I think it was kind of hot to see that girl we had to put in her seat pee herself in that skirt, do you think I'm crazy?" "Yea, that was kinda cool," Karen replied with a smile, stepping into the elevator.

The door started to close as Karen pushed the button for floor number 12. Heidi leaned against the back wall, dressed in a pair of jeans and a tank top. Karen wore a pair of leggings and a sports bra. A young arm reached into the elevator just as the door was halfway closed, forcing it open. One of the thousands of cheerleaders who were attending the competition at the hotel stepped in. "Oh thanks," the girl mumbled. She stepped in, still in her cheerleader outfit. The skirt was white with green trim, the top the reverse. Her green trunks covered her young ass, quite visible under the very short cheerleader skirt. The girl seemed preoccupied, tapping her foot quickly. Karen looked at her. She looked familiar. She saw the nametag. "Tricia." "You look familiar," Karen said to her.

"Huh?" the girl asked, turning around, wincing in pain as she did. "Oh wow, you're that flight attendant who peed herself, aren't you?" the girl exclaimed, recognizing Karen's face. "Yup." Heidi looked shocked. "YOU peed yourself?" she asked in disbelief. "Yea, problem after the last flight," Karen replied. "GOD, please, please don't talk about pee, okay?" the cheerleader begged suddenly, almost collapsing altogether. "I gotta go SO bad, I'm about to uh, wet on myself!" she exclaimed, rushing her hands between her legs, bent halfway over. Heidi smiled. Karen saw her nipples harden. Karen smiled, and looked at the elevator. The floor indicator was at "6." She reached over and pushed the red STOP button. The elevator lurched to a sudden stop.

The cheerleader didn't react for a second and then freaked. "WHAT the hell are you doing?" she yelled at Karen. Tricia's bladder was about to explode, the 18-year-old cheerleader had been drinking water all morning during the competition and was going to go get a replacement pom-pom for one of the other girls whom she shared a room with, and use the bathroom while she was there. She was about to pee all over herself; she needed to go so badly.

"I'm stopping the elevator," Karen replied. "But- but why?" Tricia replied. "I- I need to go to the bathroom like really badly, okay, like, okay", she stuttered, fighting off a surge of pee pressure in her abdomen. "That's why I stopped it," Karen said. "I didn't like the way you teased me when I had an accident. Now it's your turn to have one," she replied, flatly. Heidi's eyes grew big, she felt her own need to pee grow. Her nipples taut, her breath short, she looked in awe at the young cheerleader, her skirt barely covering her butt, the tapping of her young feet, her nervousness.

It was SO obvious the girl had to pee so badly- SO badly. "But why??" Tricia replied, grimacing in pain. "Wh-what did I do to you," she stuttered, her words coming out in partial sentences, unable to speak clearly because her struggling body needed to urinate so badly. "Well," Karen replied, smiling evilly, "I just want to see you go to the bathroom in your cheerleading outfit," she said plainly. Tricia panicked. "No...NOOO, please no, look I'm uh, um," she paused, holding herself, fighting off a large wave of pressure. Tricia could barely hold on. Her pee hole burned, her body screamed for relief. The agony increased, Tricia had drunk so much water and she couldn't hold it in. She was a tiny girl, maybe 5'3, a size 1 or 3, and her bladder was being tortured.

She needed to URINATE, AND NOW, she couldn't hold it ANY LONGER. SHE HAD TO PEE. She tried to continue. "Look, I'm in the middle of a comp, uh, competition. I gotta get back on the floor before the next event or we're gonna be disqualified, okay. I'm the freaking captain. Please oh GoD, OH GOD NO, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE let me go to the bathroom, I CAN'T HOLD IT ANY LONGER." Tricia was screaming now, her shrill voice bouncing off the elevator walls. Stuck between 6 and 7, Tricia was in panic. Heidi needed to pee, but she didn't say anything. Tricia was squirming; she didn't know what to do. Turning around, back and forth, Karen and Heidi kept glimpsing at the struggling teenager, the poor suffering young girl, wishing she'd just get it over with and go. Tricia kept hanging on, even though the pain was massive. Tears streamed out of her face as she begged again.

"Oh God, please, oh God, pl-pl-please LET ME USE THE BATHROOM IT'S AN EMERGENCY, OKAY????" she screamed, violently angry, her body pulsating with violent intensity as the surges of pressure racked her young small framed figure. "NO," Karen said loudly, excited totally by the struggle of the teenager. "WHY WHY WHYYYYY?" Tricia screamed in agony. Her bladder violently surged. Trying to hold back, she clenched her legs together. She turned to the two women, her hands grasping her cheerleader skirt, tugging at the ends, her feet violently pacing, her body doubled over. "Nooo, NOOOOOO" she screamed, as there was another violent surge. Tricia's body gave way. Her bladder surged, and Tricia started to pee in her green cheerleader trunks.

Five seconds she went, the wetness flooding the Lycra fabric that clung to her girlhood, her bladder pulsating wildly now. "NOO, PLEASE, PLEASE, I CAN'T HOLD IT OH GOD OH GOD OH GODDDDDD," she wailed, her 18-year-old high pitched voice screaming, but starting to get raspy as she lost her voice. Another spurt exploded. Tricia lost control. The tortured cheerleader started peeing violently into her trunks. Pee sizzled from her pee hole, drenching the trunks, her crotch soaked, pee running in large streams down her legs, her cheerleading shoes quickly filling with pee. The elevator floor was starting to puddle. Tricia couldn't hold it back- the flood was too relentless.

She started bawling and crying like a newborn baby, her body shaking as she had a tantrum. Pee gushed from her, soaking her trunks, pee spreading through the Lycra fabric. She turned around, lifted her skirt and looked at Karen. "LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DO, YOU BITCH!!!" she screamed. Karen looked, and saw the still spreading wet stain on her green trunks, the pee streams running down the girls bare legs, both inner thighs glistening with pee. Tricia totally wet herself in front of the two flight attendants, pee streaming in jets down her thighs, and then, a bit later, it stopped. Tricia glared at the two women, angry while totally embarrassed at peeing herself in front of them. Then the tears came. As Tricia finished peeing into her cheerleading outfit, she started sobbing uncontrollably, making her words barely understandable.

"Oh God,whywhywhydid oh godwhywhydidyoumake me do thisoh godddd", she pleaded, and collapsed against the side of the elevator, a puddle between her legs. Heidi almost wet herself in excitement and looked over at Karen. Karen pushed the STOP button again and the elevator moved. When it hit the eighth floor, Tricia ran off, crying, to her room, trails of wet pee marking the carpet of the hallway. The elevator door closed. Heidi looked at Karen. "WOW, I can NOT believe you just made her do that. That is SO hot!" Heidi clenched herself. Her bladder was filling rapidly, she needed to relieve herself badly, and jeans fitting snug against her body. Karen smiled, wondering if maybe they had something in common after all.

The elevator moved to the 12th floor, Heidi's and Karen's stop. The two flight attendants got out, Heidi squirming to hold her pee in. Karen and Heidi went into their room. The door closed, and Heidi walked into the room and then exclaimed, "OH God, I need to pee so badly I'm about to wet my pants!!!" Before Karen could answer, there was a knock on the door. Karen opened it, wondering who it was. One of the other cheerleaders appeared, apparently lost, apologized and quickly walked away. Heidi looked at Karen with a "what was that" look, then yelled with agony and suddenly she exploded.

Within seconds her jeans were soaked with her sizzling pee that flowed from her body. Heidi giggled as she peed into her jeans right in front of her co-worker friend. Karen paused for a minute, and then smiled, and embraced Heidi, who welcomed the touch. Karen fondled her friends pee soaked wetness by putting her hands into her jeans and slowly removing them. Heidi stood there, in her top and panties, her pubic hair sticking through the fabric, and resumed peeing into her underwear as Karen reached for her and the two tumbled onto the bed. Both girls realized they had found their soul mates as they lay in the soon to be completely pee soaked sheets. The afternoon was a lot more interesting than they thought it would be.

Downstairs on floor 8, Tricia lay crying in her bed, soaking wet with pee, her cheerleading skirt still on. On the first floor, her team was just then being disqualified from competition because the captain hadn't shown up. Tricia bawled in shame on her bed, not knowing how she could ever face her team again. She curled up in the bed, tearstains mixing with the pee stains on the sheets. Needing to pee again, she urinated into her trunks once again, soaking the sheets on her bed. She sobbed loudly at the horror of her day.

 *****

In front of the hotel, on the sidewalk, a cute, slightly muscular dark haired runner dashed towards the doors to the hotel, seemingly in a hurry. Jessica, staying at the hotel courtesy of the airline while they sorted out her luggage and identification, had just about finished running when the spasms in her bladder caused her to end her run prematurely. Dying to pee, her bladder swollen from the constant water she drank, she quickly realized she wouldn't last another block, and decided to head back to her room before she embarrassed herself. She made her way to the lobby door.

Forcefully pushing the revolving glass door along the track, she rushed, in a hurry, almost knocking a pedestrian out of her way as she felt her bladder scream for relief. Halfway through the doors turn, a grinding noise shattered the temporary silence, and the door jammed stuck. Claustrophobic, and very desperate for a bathroom, Jessica panicked. She pressed against the door. Nothing. It wouldn't move an inch. Looking around, she freaked. Jessica started screaming, pleading, and begging, her hands rapping loudly on the glass.

People in the lobby looked over, came and tried to move the door, but to no avail. Jessica, afraid of small spaces, was trapped. Her heart rate doubled from her panic. She hyperventilated, felt dizzy, and then started screaming, her voice once again growing raspy as she screamed as loud as she could, begging for help. Her bladder throbbed violently inside of her. Wearing only a pair of slightly tight medium green nylon running shorts and a tight Lycra sports bra, she felt exposed. As onlookers rushed to the hotel to see the commotion, the lobby manager called the fire department.

Jessica looked around in absolute horror, her eyes wide with fright, starting to have a nervous breakdown, alone and trapped in the revolving door! Her throbbing bladder, weakened from the prior days torment didn't help matters, the constant stinging so familiar to her returning, the surging pain, the pressure. Jessica tried to hold it in, still screaming, pleading, and begging for someone to release the jammed door. Her voice growing hoarse, she started crying uncontrollably again, large sobs coming from the girl's body, and then intermittent loud screams as she cursed the world for treating her so wrongly. 

Her hands hurt, she pounded harder against the glass, and her wrists became sprained from beating relentlessly on the stuck glass door, the pain in her wrists in addition to the extreme agony of her distended bladder. She thrashed around, completely breaking down, still alternating between loud screaming and intense crying. Her bladder throbbed, her body in agony, she could no longer contain the river of pee inside. Screaming and crying, Jessica stood there, banging constantly, trying to free herself when she suddenly, without warning, exploded, and peed ferociously into her shorts.

Pee streams exploded violently into her cotton panties and through the thin fabric of her nylon running shorts, pee cascading down her toned legs, a large pee puddle forming on the floor of the door. Sheet after sheet of hot pee streamed down her tensed legs, pee escaping the traumatized girls body in buckets. Her Nikes were soaked, her socks sopping wet. The puddle spread quickly, filling the area around her feet as she continued to pee into her panties and shorts. 

The crotch and butt of her shorts were dark and soaking wet with her hot urine. Jessica went into a total nervous breakdown. Everybody in the hotel and everybody who walked by saw the poor girl, gripped in horror, as she stood there, screaming, thrashing violently in a tantrum, trapped- and peeing uncontrollably into her shorts for all to see. A crowd has started to form, watching the commotion, many gasping as they saw the girl totally pee herself while trapped, tears streaming from her face in horror as the violently thrashed in the trapped space. The fire department was still 10 minutes away. Among the crowd of onlookers staring at Jessica's desperation tantrum was another dark haired girl, wearing a loose black tank top and a pair of green khaki pants. Nobody in the crowd noticed as she started peeing into her pants, large floods of dark wetness soaking the insides of her legs.

A smile came across her face as she continued peeing into her clothes while watching Jessica have a nervous breakdown in the stuck revolving door. Overhead, the sounds of planes filled the sky- the sounds of travel. The hotel bus pulled up, the words "HOTEL SHUTTLE" reflecting in the lake. As the travelers disembarked the bus they noticed in shock this girl in her running shorts, collapsed in agony, curled in a fetal position, tears streaming out of her eyes as she lay in a huge puddle of her own pee. The girl in the green khaki pants quickly walked away, pee still dripping down her legs as she strode, people on the street looking at her in shock, noticing clearly that she had wet her pants. Jessica lay there, trapped still in the door, sobbing violently, thrashing in despair, unable to comprehend her bad luck. It was Jessica's absolute horror.
