It had started out as a sort of confession. I didn't know how Sarah would react, but I had really wanted to talk to Sarah about it, mainly because we always told each other our secrets. We had confided in each other since we first became friends over ten years ago. We knew most things if not everything about each other. So I didn't have too much of a problem telling her. I'd had a little accident in my jeans on the way home from the station a few weeks earlier, and I had realised that wetting my knickers had really turned me on. My mum had been very understanding when I got home, and had confessed that she had wet her pants several times too over the years. I just hadn't quite expected this reaction from Sarah!
Sarah was looking at me with surprise and amusement in her eyes, trying not to smirk too much; she asked me really earnestly if I thought anyone had seen me wetting my jeans! Was the puddle very big? I was a bit put out at this reaction, I had just told her something in confidence, and she was finding it amusing. I got up and went to get us a drink from the bar, it wasn't my round, but after that reaction I had to do something or I would have slapped her. The Bell was busy on a Friday evening and by the time I got back with two lagers I had calmed down a bit.
Sarah was looking a bit puzzled when I got back to the table, but was still quite interested in what had happened to me. She couldn't understand why I had got cross with her. "It's not so terrible is it?" She asked, now I was looking surprised. "It's not as if you haven't seen me wet myself." I knew we had often laughed so much that I had ended up with a little wet patch in my knickers, and she had often said she was 'going to pee myself' as we giggled, but I had never known that she actually had. I asked her if this was what she meant. "Oh yes" she said still looking amused, "I often wet my pants a bit when we giggle!" I told her that although we had often said that we were nearly wetting our knickers I hadn't thought that she actually had! She smiled, "I didn't think I would have to show you." But as it happened Sarah wasn't talking about that. Wetting her knickers a little bit when she was laughing was just 'one of those things'.
We had gone on a long walk last summer, there had been a hot spell that seemed to go on for ever and it was a shame not to do something in the countryside while it was nice weather. It doesn't happen that often in England! Sarah's brother Paul had been with us.
We spent all day wandering about in the hills. We stopped for lunch at a pub then headed back. 
After a couple of beers it was inevitable that we would need a wee on the way home. Not really a problem for Paul he just went behind a tree. Sarah and I waited longer, I knew it was unavoidable, we would have to go but it's not so easy for girls. I had held on as long as I could, I was pretty desperate by the time I gave in and went behind a bush. I was wearing shorts so had to pull them right down to go, the button on the waist band was a bit fiddly, eventually I yanked them down. I was squatting and peeing with my shorts and knickers round my knees I could see the gusset of my knickers was quite wet, nearly didn't make it– I thought!
This of course was a great opportunity for them, particularly Paul, to try and watch me peeing. I had been so close to wetting my knickers that I hadn't been as discreet as usual; he must have got an eyeful!
As I rejoined them on the path I was so relieved and much more comfortable that I forgot that Sarah had been nearly as desperate as me. 
Sarah now told me she had been really close to wetting her shorts at that point too, but she knew if we both went for a wee together Paul wouldn't have been able to contain himself, and she hadn't wanted to give him a 'cheap thrill'. "So what did you do?" I asked. "In the end I did it in my pants, I thought you knew," she said. When had she done that– as we walked along the path? I wondered how I hadn't noticed, and I realised I was getting a bit aroused.
Sarah continued her story.
We had resumed our walk along the path chatting and laughing and I completely forgot about Sarah's problem. I remember now she had gone a bit quiet as we reached the stream. We stopped there to have a drink of water from the bottles we had brought with us– it was still very hot. She had quickly sat down on the bank of the stream and waited for us to unpack the drinks from the rucksack.
Up until then she had been desperate to the point that she had done a little wee in her knickers now and then. Her shorts were quite loose so if she just peed slowly, and not too much, it simply soaked through her knickers and ran down her thighs. It didn't come into contact with her shorts too much. She had felt that she could have gone on like that and completely wet herself without either of us knowing, unless she chose to tell us. Just a little wet patch right between her legs would be visible where her wee had dripped through if she did too much at a time, but it would soon dry.
As we reached the stream a combination of the water flowing over the rocks and her extreme desperation had become too much for her bladder. 
That was the point she lost control. As Paul and I were getting the water out of the bag she felt her knickers getting very warm and wet. We were distracted so we didn't notice her crossing her legs and holding herself. She could feel her hand getting warm and knew it was too late– she was wetting her shorts. Quickly Sarah sat down so we wouldn't see pee running down her legs and splattering on the ground, she was unsure if I had already seen what was happening. She sat by the stream legs slightly apart and relaxed, pee streamed out through her shorts onto the ground and ran down towards the water.
As we set off again on our way home Sarah had said, "I think I have been sitting on some wet grass." She was pulling her shorts away from her bottom as she stood up. There was a large wet patch on her shorts from where she had wet her knickers. I had no idea what she had done, I didn't question that she had in fact sat in something wet.
It seemed obvious now! It was high summer, there was a drought, so there would have been nothing wet anywhere!
Sarah had wet her knickers right in front of Paul and me and neither of us had noticed.
"Why didn't you just stop and go for a wee?" I asked. "I don't really know." She said "There just never seemed to be a convenient place, and I had done it before and got away with it."
That was why she had been so interested in the details of my accident. I was more relaxed about her questions now. Sarah, it seemed, was as aroused by wetting and desperation as I was.
"Would you like to do it again, with me?" I was surprised by this question. It had crossed my mind that it might be exciting to wet on purpose, with someone else, but I hadn't known how to bring that subject up!
"Well...Yes, it might be fun" I felt my face flush. Sarah grinned wickedly. "Good. We're not allowed go to the loo now until we get to my house."
We always stayed at Sarah's house on Friday nights.
Another few drinks and a two–mile walk home; I wondered whether I would need a wee before we got to Sarah's house, and if I did could I wait until I got there? 
By: Mag