Title: Desperate Landing on Theta Omicron IV (A Science Fiction Sex Fantasy)

By: William Abbot

There were eight or nine of us from the Survey Fleet sitting around the table at lunch. Zimmerman was there, with her husband, and of course my wife, Anne, and half a dozen others. About four times a year, most of us wind up on Station together, and we always get together for lunch, schmoozing over beer and sandwiches and catching up with each other's lives and exploits. Conversation that day rambled from departmental politics to the technical details of hyperdrive maintenance to--on this occasion--how annoying it is to have to pee in a space suit.

This launched several of the women at the table into a round of personal anecdotes, all shared with warm laughter and only mild embarrassment. I stayed very quiet through most of this, and looked at my food. I didn't blush--at least I don't think so. I don't think my breathing even changed much. Even Anne, with her almost psychic talent for reading my moods, might not have picked up (if she hadn't already known) that a woman with a desperate urge to urinate is a powerful sexual arouser for me, and can leave me almost helpless with lust. With considerable effort, I maintained an outward show of indifference at the lunch table, at least until Zimmerman told about the time she and I crash landed on Theta Omicron IV. Then I blushed, even though she left out a lot of the details in her telling of the story.

She and I had been co-commanders of a little survey ship, a saucer only about a hundred meters across, with one main deck and a smaller "green deck" above. The Fleet tried to put green decks on all the deep space vessels--a few square meters of topsoil, with vegetation kept alive under full spectrum lights. The one on our saucer was particularly nice. It occupied a dome perched atop the hub of the disc-shaped vessel, and was roomy enough to have shrubs and wildflowers around the edges, and even a little stream that trickled continuously along one side. Every so often the humidification system made, if not rain, at least a heavy dew. Along with the benefits for cleansing the air, generating oxygen, and providing a bit of fresh food now and then, having a tiny ecosystem on board helps a lot with keeping people sane and happy on longer voyages. We could always escape the plastic-and-sheet-metal environment of the labs and crew quarters to go walking barefoot through a few feet of green grass.

We were mapping the Theta Omicron system. Previous ships had landed and found it habitable, the Biochem people had run tests and lifted quarantine, but no one had done any extensive explorations. Zimmerman and I had left the hyperdrive platform in a high orbit and taken the saucer in much lower, circumpolar, for a high-density photographic survey. She and I had been pulled out of stasis for this, but the other six crew members were still in suspended animation. There was really not that much for the two of us to do. We had an almost unheard-of amount of leisure and privacy. Each of us had a cabin to ourselves. We could manage daily showers without taxing the recyke. It was luxury, by Fleet standards.

Zimmerman had been sunbathing on the green deck that day, and must have fallen asleep for a couple of hours in the grass. She was wearing only the bottom half of a bikini, the bra tossed casually aside by the bushes. Was she bold enough to doze off lying on her back, her breasts bare, taking the risk that I might walk through? More likely she was on her stomach, somewhat discreet, simply trying to avoid a tan line across her back, though I like to imagine her also sliding the bottoms down a little to get more tan there, exposing almost the whole of her buttocks. I have no way of knowing--it's not something I'd ask. What I do know is that when she began to stir drowsily, it was the sensation of a full bladder that was prodding her out of sleep.

She was still feeling lazy and luxurious, and for a time she tried to ignore the pressure, but finally could not. I can see her in my mind's eye, lifting her hips off the ground, thrusting those round, tanned buttocks in the air to pull up that skimpy bikini, and then rolling onto her side to sit up and brush the grass off of herself. The steady trickle of the artificial stream would have been maddening, and she once confessed to Anne (though she omitted this detail at the lunch table) that she'd been very tempted to just let it go right there, soak the ground where she sat and let the recyke system filter it out. But in such a tiny, controlled ecosystem, it's really better not to pee in the grass.

That's where she was when the whole ship suddenly jolted and lurched to one side. Gravity did a sickening little skip and twist and the alarm started blaring. It could have meant any number of things, from a minor engine malfunction to a meteor strike and hull puncture. The stream sloshed out of its banks, leaving the pump making only a dry, sputtering hiss. There wasn't very much free water in the system. It soaked into the ground and would drain back into the recirculator within an hour. But the gravity torque was worrisome for other reasons--it suggested the ship was spinning out of control, and this deep in the gravity well of a planet, that could mean we'd been knocked out of orbit.

Zimmerman jumped up and punched the door control, then half ran-half slid down the steps to the main deck level, still wearing nothing but her bikini bottom. As she sprinted along the curve of the main corridor (she later told Anne) she held her breasts cupped in her hands to keep them from bouncing uncomfortably. When she came bursting into the control cabin where I was, she was using just one arm to try to cover them as best she could. I was buckling myself into the navicom seat. My eyes must have bulged at the sight of her, but only for a second, then I turned back to look at the planet, spinning wildly past the forward windows about once every twenty seconds.

"What's happening?" she barked. She was standing next to me now, her left arm and hand hugging both breasts while she leaned over the panel, hitting switches one after another to call up readouts. I'd never seen her naked before--almost never seen her in anything less than full uniform. Her breasts are fairly large, and very nice.

"We've lost numbers five and six," I told her. "I think I can get attitudinal control again, but we're going down."

"With two engines out? Bloody hell." She turned away from me and grabbed a short brown leather flight jacket from where it hung. She pulled it on with her back to me, but she didn't have time to zip it closed and her breasts peeked out of it from time to time. She slid into the seat next to mine, and moving with great efficiency, she began running a diagnostic program. "It's a fuel pump," she said. "Auto systems have cut in already. I'm activating siphons. How long until impact?" (Just the tiniest peek of her breast inside the open jacket.)

"Fifteen... No, closer to twelve minutes."

"Good. I should be able to do a full systems lockdown. Initiating." She got up again and stood at a bank of controls on the side bulkhead just behind her seat, and began throwing switches there, very quickly but in precise order. I got the ship to stop its wild spinning, then started making the last minute calculations for our descent angle. It looked marginal, whether we'd go in shallow enough for a soft landing. I punched up a simulation. Navicom estimated thirty seconds run time. Hold her steady while I waited for that. I spared a glance over at Zimmerman. She was about halfway through lockdown, hitting another switch and watching the gauges. She could do this in her sleep, same as me, which was a damn good thing right now. It meant we might survive. (Damn, she had a nice ass.) She was standing on one foot with her legs crossed, but I didn't yet realize why. Then the first buffet of atmosphere made the deck shudder, and she planted her feet further apart for better balance.

The navicom bleeped, and I looked back down at the numbers. We needed another oh-point-four vertical adjustment. I punched it in, felt the slight shift in the angle of the floor. "You ready?" I called to her. "We're going in!"

"How long?" She came up next to me, hit five switches, and ran back to the systems controls behind us.

"We'll need manual in forty-five seconds."

"Good. I'm in the final seque..." The ship lurched uncomfortably, skidding into the upper atmosphere, and she was almost knocked off balance. I heard more switches behind me. Then, "Done!" and she slid into the seat next to mine and buckled in. I hit the control to close the forward shutters--we'd be relying on instruments for the next three or four minutes. She grasped the pilot's controls in her hands, holding them steady. Fine motor adjustment would be her job, while I maintained thrust levels and kept watch on the engines. With two of them out, this was going to be tricky.

"How're we doing?" she asked.

"Steady. If we don't get any more surprises, we should be OK. How are you?"

"Looking good. If you've got the right angle of entry, I can bring us in." She squirmed in her seat a little, and then she told me. "I was sleeping in the green deck. I woke up because my bladder's about to burst, but then the alarm went off. Well, fuck it. We just had two engines blow. We're crash landing on an unexplored world. If I pee in my pants, it won't be the worst thing to happen today."

I was already aroused, with her nearly naked in the seat next to me, and when she said this, my breath caught in my throat. I know I turned scarlet, and I would have stammered inarticulately if I didn't have the thruster controls demanding my attention. I was very grateful for the distraction.

The G-forces increased as we decelerated, braking against the air. We could hear the roar of atmosphere outside, and the cabin temperature increased a few degrees. I made some small adjustments.

"Problems?" she asked.

"No, we're fine."

She shook her head, and breathed, "God damn, I have to piss so bad." She packed a lot of feeling into the word "so". I was very hard, my penis jammed to one side against my thigh. I spared another glance at her--couldn't help staring at her body for one brief moment. Her jacket had bunched to one side a little and gotten caught under the shoulder strap, leaving one of her breasts bare (and round and full, jiggling slightly as the ship buffeted.) In the couple of seconds of attention I could afford, I memorized the shape of her nipple.

G-forces began to ease up after another minute. Most of our velocity was horizontal now, and I opened the shutters. We were over ocean, though I could see land masses on the horizon. We were still descending quickly. Lift was problematical, and I was doing all I could with the thrusters. Our forward airspeed was clocking at just over 1400 knots.

Two more minutes of deceleration. We were very low now, but still moving much too quickly, and there was coastline looming up ahead.

"We're not going to make it," she said. We're going too fast, and I can't hold altitude."

"Damn."

"I'm gonna bring us down in the water."

"It's too soon. We've got too much velocity."

"I think I can skim us over the surface and dump some of our momentum that way. It's better than waiting for the rocks up ahead." She was in the left seat today, and that made it her judgement call. I couldn't argue much with her reasoning, anyway.

The saucer glided forward, the surface of the water very close below us now. Speed was still dropping, but not enough. 900. 850. 800. We hit the water. It was a light glancing blow, but it shook the whole ship violently. We bounced again. My teeth clacked together as my body was driven down into my seat. 650. We bounced again.

"I'm glad I'm wearing a bathing suit," I heard her shout over the roar, "because I'm wetting it." She looked over at me and gave an embarrassed grin. "Just a little."

We hit the water again, and then again, and then she pulled back on the controls, catching the air stream with the underside of the disc and pulling us up a few hundred feet as we came to the coast. Jagged rocks rushed by below us, then scrub vegetation, then woods. Forward velocity was down to 300 and still braking. I had reverse thrusters on full. 250. 200. 150. We began hitting the tops of some of the trees. They shattered against the hull with a sound like explosives. 100. Attitude jets on full. Nothing for me to do now but hold on. I looked across at her, her whole body focused on that one task--maintain the exact attitude for maximum lift. Settle us down gently... Gently...

We hit the ground in an area of small trees and relatively light vegetation. The ship skidded for half a mile or so with a hellacious grinding and scraping sound before finally coming to rest, nearly level. The sudden, almost complete silence was shocking. We could hear the ticking of cooling metal, the soft background hiss of the ventilators, the hum of the computers. That was all.

In an instant, Zimmerman was unbuckling herself from the seat, and then up at the systems controls on the bulkhead behind us. "Looks good," she said. "No fires. No major electrical failures. I'm gonna flood the engine room with foam just in case." She was working switches again, still moving with fervent efficiency.

I found I could breath again. I hadn't realized how tightly I'd been holding my body the whole way down. I began logging off the navicom, but I couldn't keep my mind off of Zimmerman, half-naked and--was she still squirming as she stood at the controls? Or had she pissed herself as we landed, soaking the pilot's seat? Shutdown took less than a minute, and then I went over to the airlock and turned the release handle. My cock was rigid against the inside of my flight suit, and I was starting to tremble from the mix of relief at still being alive and tension at not knowing if Zimmerman was still full to bursting, or what she would do next. I had to get outside. The cabin smelled of smoke and plastic and fear-sweat and a faint tang of spilt fuel (not noticeably of pee) and fresh air seemed like a really good idea just then.

The inner door hissed open, and the outer folded slowly downward to make a (slightly tilted) platform. The ship had pushed up a berm of rocks and dirt around the forward edge. Normally, you had to extend a ladder from here to get down to ground level, but I just jumped down about four feet onto the heaped-up rubble. The edge of the platform, where it was continuous with the outer hull, was still too hot to touch. I stood and looked around. The hull seemed intact, though there were probably some cracks on the underside that would need attending to. The berm where I stood was an uneven bank, with a lot of broken up shale in it.

"How does it look?" Zimmerman called down to me. I turned to look up at her on the platform. I tried not to gawk openly, but I couldn't help raking over her body with my eyes. Her crotch was just above my eye level, barely covered with only that narrow strip of brightly colored cloth, very damp at the spot where it was pinched between her thighs. She shifted her weight a little from one foot to the other, letting me know she'd only leaked a little and still desperately had to go. She looked like she wanted to grind her thighs together; was perhaps willing herself to be less obvious, less provocative. She still hadn't taken the time to zip the jacket up. Holding it closed with one hand, her breasts were mostly covered but I could glimpse the underside of one of them. I couldn't stop myself from hoping to see more.

"Uh...Not bad," I said. "The hull looks intact. Pretty hot, though."

"Give me a hand down?" she asked. My God. My hands were shaking as I reached up to help her climb down without burning her bare feet and legs. (Those legs...) She leaned over me, and at first she tried to keep one hand holding the jacket closed, but it didn't work. She needed both hands to brace herself against my shoulders. I reached up, found my hands on her hips, felt her warm skin and muscle as my fingers slid up under the jacket to the very base of her rib cage. I willed myself to keep my eyes on her face and not on her breasts as they bobbed free inside the leather. My eyes locked with hers (and hers with mine) as I lifted her and swung her down to the ground. She thanked me as her feet touched the ground, then braced herself against me for balance for a second. I looked down at her as she rested her hand on my shoulder, staring openly now at her exposed breasts as her nipples brushed the front of my flight suit.

I was already feeling near to coming in my pants when she looked up at me and said quietly, almost in a whisper, "You would not believe how bad I have to go. God, I'm about to burst." She wriggled, still holding onto me for balance, then turned away and walked three or four steps. I watched very closely the muscles of her beautiful legs and ass. 
She probably intended to go some distance away, but her bare feet had to step gingerly over the rough ground and broken shale and then, still very close to me, she just let it go, peed in her bikini right where she stood. I held my breath watching her, gazing at her beautiful round glorious buttocks as she soaked the crotch of her bikini. 

I watched as the cloth broke up the stream of her piss so that it sprayed out and dribbled between her legs, some of it snaking down her inner thigh. It splashed into the dirt, louder as it pooled between her feet, and then began running in little rivulets down the berm. One trickle ran under the ship and hissed as it boiled against the underside of the hull. Even under the jacket, I could see her shoulders relax.

She stood there for a minute or more until the stream tapered off, the last of the pee tracing a wriggling line along the tendon of her left heel. She squeezed out one more spurt and then just stood for a moment, silent, her back to me. I watched one more single drop fall to the ground at her feet. Before turning around again to face me, she finally zipped her jacket closed. I was terribly disappointed by that, but at the same time tremendously relieved. I was unbearably aroused, and having to cope with her naked any more would have left me completely flustered. She looked at me, her expression a little sheepish. "Like I said, not the worst thing that happened today. Can you handle the wake-up protocol for the rest of the crew? I want to shower and change."

"Sure," I said. I was trembling visibly, and not just with arousal. We had just made a very scary entry and touchdown. "We made it. That was a damn good landing under the circumstances."

"Yeah," she answered vaguely. And then she did something she'd never done before: She gave me a hug. Her body was suddenly pressed against mine. "We're alive," she breathed in my ear as we held each other, reveling for just that one moment in the solidity of the ground under us, and the smell of the forest, and warmth of the sun and the feeling of each other's bodies. I held her close, held her tightly. It would have taken very little movement for me to come against her right where we stood, but I held still, and was very circumspect with my hands. Nonetheless, she must have felt my erection through my flight suit. She never said, though, and I've never asked. After a moment, she let go, put a had against my chest, and said, "I need to get some clothes on. You'll do the wake-up?"

"Yeah."

She looked at the platform, a little higher than waist height, the edge still smoking. "Give me a boost up?"

I crouched down and interlaced my fingers for her to step into. She reached over the edge to place her hands firmly on the cool tread of the platform, and I gave her a heave upwards (stealing one last glance at her crotch, tracing with my eye the folds and contours of her vulva under that thin, clinging, very wet fabric). She hopped up past the hot edge, and stood above me. (Stood on those long, glistening, naked, muscular legs.)

"I'll...ah..." I started to say. "How about if I do a quick walk--around, just to eyeball the hull?"

"Good idea. I'll see you inside."

The hull was fine. I just had to get off by myself for a couple of minutes. I was almost coming in my pants, and while that, too, would not be the worst thing that happened that day, I was happier being able to unzip and feel the cool air and the warm sun against my skin.

