I overslept this morning – really overslept! I had a 9:30 class across campus and had less than 10 minutes to get there. My friend Kim was already banging on my door telling me to get my ass in gear. I threw on some clothes, grabbed my books and bolted out the door – without having my usual morning pee. Kim and I made it to class just as the professor was starting her lecture.
"Fuck", I said.
"What's the matter with you," Kim asked, already annoyed that I had almost made us late for class.
"I didn't pee before I left and now I need to go really bad!"
Kim quietly laughed and whispered, "You're shit out of luck then! This professor takes of 10 points a day if you leave class early. Looks like you're in for an hour of holding!" I leaned back in my chair and rested my head against the wall. My bladder was filling even more as the minutes slowly ticked by. Only 20 minutes into the class, I doubled over in my chair and winced in pain. By now Kim was genuinely concerned. She put her hand on my back and asked me if I was OK.
"No, I'm really far from OK, actually! I have GOT to pee!" I replied. Kim gave my shoulder a gentle squeeze and told me to hang in there. As the minutes slowly ticked by, the pressure in my bladder grew. Every couple of minutes I would need to jam my hand into my crotch and give my aching pussy a quick rub. Kim could see that I was really in trouble, and gave me her jacket to put over my lap so I could keep constant pressure on my pussy. The 40–minute mark arrived, and I felt a bit relieved that I had made it this far. But my relief was short–lived. I suddenly felt a drop of pee escape into my panties.
I must have let out a quiet moan, because Kim's eyes shot over to me as she said, "Oh my God, what's wrong?"
"I think I just peed a little! Kim I need to pee so bad it hurts!" I said as tears welled up in my eyes.
"OK, forget the 10 points for attendance," Kim said, "You need a bathroom fast!" I had never been so grateful to hear a set of words in my life. We quickly packed up our stuff and bolted out of the room. We went down to the first floor and ran into the first bathroom we saw. We almost knocked over a professor, who was on her way out.
"Can't you read?" the professor asked angrily, "The sign on the door says 'Faculty and Staff Only'. There aren't any student bathrooms in this building. The closest ones are in University Hall." I started to beg the professor to let me go – University Hall was at least a 10–minute walk. By this time I was sobbing, but the professor wouldn't give in. Kim grabbed my arm and led me away, and looked over her shoulder and screamed, "bitch" to the professor. We got out of the building and I doubled over once again.
"Kim," I said, openly crying now, "If you get me to a place to pee – I don't care where, I'll name my first born child after you. I've never had to pee this bad!"
"How do you feel about peeing in the woods," asked Kim.
"I don't care at this point," I said as some more drops of pee fell into my panties. Kim led me into the woods that took up the middle of campus. We got a good ways in where no one could see us, and Kim stopped. I had both hands jammed into my crotch, furiously rubbing my pussy to keep any more pee from coming out. I frantically asked Kim what she was stopping for.
"We're far enough in," she said, as she took my stuff from me, "Go ahead and pee, and I'll make sure no one comes by." That was all the encouragement I needed. I yanked down my pants and panties and squatted down. I had to pee so bad, I could taste it, but no matter what I did, nothing came out. I started to cry in frustration.
"Kim, nothing's coming out. This hurts so bad. I need to pee!" I said, crying really hard now.
Kim was being very soothing, came and stood next to me and said, "Don't even think of being outside. Pretend you're in your own bathroom, sitting on the toilet about to enjoy a nice long pee." At that, a couple short squirts shot out of me, but they wouldn't keep going. I started panicking again, and this time Kim knelt down to me. "Just relax," she said, "Let it come out. Just think of how good it's going to feel when it finally starts coming out." I took a deep breath and relaxed all my muscles. With that, I started to pee for good. I closed my eyes and sighed loudly at the relief I was feeling. My pee was shooting out and landing a good 7 feet in front of me. "Feels good, doesn't it," Kim asked.
"Mmmmm," was all I could say as I continued to shoot my bright yellow, pent up morning pee all over the ground. Finally, after a good minute and a half, my stream lessened, and after a few final squirts, I was empty. I stayed where I was for a minute before Kim asked me if I was all done. I said I was and pulled up my panties and pants. Kim and I walked back to our dorm, laughing about what had just happened. I made her promise me that she would never tell anyone what I had done. She promised, reminding me that we were old friends, and said she was glad she helped me avoid some embarrassment. The rest of the day was uneventful regarding peeing, good or bad, I don't know!
Hope you enjoyed my little story!
WaterSexLover