It was one of those days where I just felt randy, and it was about 4 in the afternoon. Time to get the mail. I went to the mailbox at my apartment complex, when I saw the prettiest girl walking along to the entrance door of my building. She was wearing a denim mini and a cute pink short sleeved shirt, so right away my mind began dancing with the idea of how lovely it would be to have a little of my kind of fun with her. As I thought of this, standing there at the mailbox, I let just a tiny dribble go in my pink boy cut panties, making sure none showed through my jeans.
I headed back to the apartment, and who was standing at the door to my neighbors but the pretty girl. She was kind of dancing about strangely (well, to the uninitiated it would be strange, but having a weak bladder, I knew the score), knocking frantically on their door. She managed a weak smile when our eyes met, and I asked her if she was ok. She said that her friend had asked her to meet today, but wasn't home, and she had to pee so badly that she was afraid she'd let go right there. Being neighborly, and clever, I told her she could use my bathroom, and the gratitude that washed over her face, combined with a strange (again, strange to the uninitiated) disappointment... were all I needed.
It was at this moment that I thanked whichever Deity was listening that I never placed the maintenance call on my lock, which is a sticky little fucker on a good day.
I finally got the door open and she raced in asking where the lavatory was, and as I closed the door, I grabbed her hand and said that anywhere was fine. She looked taken aback for a second, and as quickly as that look came, it was replaced with a sly grin. Switching roles, she took my hand and placed it just under her skirt, and let a torrent go all over my carpet (the one on the floor, pervs!). With little hesitation, my hand raised to feel the warmth flowing out of her, which hitched her skirt up a bit, revealing a pretty pair of pale blue panties which were darkening by the second.
She asked if I liked that, and I confessed that I'd noticed her at the mailbox and was fantasizing about her as I let some go. She said it was my turn to let some go, and then lay down in her wet spot under me.
I stepped aside to pull down my jeans, and she told me how much she liked my pink panties. I told her that if she liked them so much, why not give them a little kiss. She brought her head up between my legs, and as she did, I let about a gallon go all over her face. I cannot tell you the beauty of my piss dribbling down her chin, making a huge dark wet spot on her shirt...it was all too much. Then she pulled my panties aside and told me to get it in her hair. I'm telling you, I flooded her.
I lay down next to her, and we just started rubbing each other's bodies all over, enjoying our wetness and kissing.
At that moment, my boyfriend came home. Uh–oh...
We've always had a policy that it's not cheating if we both get to play, and I could tell by the look on his face that I may've crossed the line. He just stood there, glancing back and forth between the pretty girl and I, lying there in a pool of our piss. I was petrified, but then I noticed the pretty girl smiling up at him with a warm glow, and she said that I had a tasty stream and he was a lucky man. He looked back down at her and asked how lucky. Then she reached up and unzipped him, pulled his cock out, and started to suck it. She pulled back for a second and said that he was the luckiest man on earth, cause she wanted him to piss on us both.
He looked at me as if to ask if I minded, but I think his answer was obvious as I had put my hand down my panties and I was rubbing myself vigorously...
At that, a waterfall began to caress our heads and faces, and the pretty girl started rubbing it into her hair and her breasts, as did I. Then she brought her face close to his pissing cock and began taking it in her mouth and spitting the piss onto my panties, which were still full of my busy hand. I got up too and did the same, but I spit it onto her pretty tits. She pulled up her shirt and her bra so I could suck on them while he pissed all over her body, but by then his stream had run out...
He apologized for not having any more for us, and the pretty girl told him that it was ok, and if he wanted to, he could go to her car and get her overnight bag, full of more clothes, and then go get us some wine, and we could all just have some fun together tonight. I looked at her astonished, and asked what happened to her visiting with her friend next door. She smiled and said that she'd rather stay with us, and besides, she'd have to do some laundry first, as it was her friend's outfit we'd just defiled.
With that, my man was off, and I was on, and if you're a pretty girl who liked this story...why don't you write me and tell me how it would go next? Or even better...join us and make it come true!
By: Aimme