Quest For Urinary Adventure (part 3)

by Francine

Chapter 3. The Run

Paula was not about to repeat the episode with Erwin. She didn't want to risk any activity that might result in some kind of ongoing affair with a working associate; but still she focused on how she might further explore her particular private fascination. A few days after returning from her trip, she found herself awaking on a Saturday morning at home. She was alone today. Stan had gone into his business for a bit of extra work, and would not be back until afternoon.

Paula arose, dressed, handled a few morning chores, and sat back for a bit of relaxation as noonday approached. She consumed a few cups of coffee in the morning, and now, with the warmth of the day her craving was for something cool.

She fixed herself a large pitcher of lemonade. She liked lemonade, but usually drank of it sparingly. This time she made it a bit weak, and only lightly sweetened. She calculated that she could enjoy a rather large drink, contemplating the after effects. She poured herself a large glass, quickly downed it, and then poured another. The pitcher held, she knew, about three pints.

Once she had emptied it, she refilled it with ice and water. Just a touch of the taste of lemon remained. She was really no longer thirsty, and her stomach was now feeling a bit full. She waited a few minutes, then began drinking the water. Already her bladder was sending her signals asking for relief, which she ignored for the moment. About an hour after she had begun with the lemonade, she drained the last of the water. The ice had by this time melted, so she estimated that she had consumed about three quarts of liquid.

She made a trip to the bathroom, and emptied her quite full bladder. Then, dressed in a casual shirt and jeans and a good pair of walking shoes, she left the house, locking it up behind her. Paula was intending to force herself to hold a very considerable amount in her bladder by getting herself in a desperation situation so far from home that no immediate relief would be available. She often exercised herself by taking long walks in the neighborhood, and she set out on one - with an empty bladder but a stomach sloshing with, she felt sure, about two quarts of liquid which her kidneys would soon be sending downstairs.

Paula was a good walker. She took herself about eight blocks from her home, in the suburban neighborhood with which she was familiar, and where many of the local inhabitants knew her. Occasionally, she would extend a greeting to someone she saw, or even stop for a momentary conversation. Farther and farther she roamed from her home. Now she could feel fullness in her bladder, but she kept going.

She passed a house where an elderly man was working in his garden. She had encountered him before, and knew him only by the name on his mailbox. She greeted him cheerily. "Hi there, Mr. Jorgenson- how are the flowers today?"

The older man stood up, recognized her, and returned the greeting as he wiped the sweat from his brow. They exchanged casual comments about the weather and the state of his flower garden. "Would you like to see the newest addition to our grove? Let me show you the trees around the back!" He motioned for her to follow him, as he moved to the rear of the house. There followed a detailed review of a number of plants he had recently acquired, including two trees he had just planted. Paula listened with polite interest, but as the discourse went on, she began to fidget noticeably, shifting her weight from one foot to another.

After a bit, he noticed her obvious nervousness, and detected its cause. "You feel OK? You seem a bit nervous. Do you need a rest stop - you can go inside--"

She shook her head, realizing that he had recognized the symptoms she was showing. She decided to have just a touch of an erotic game in the conversation. "Well, you are observant. You know I need to go the bathroom, I guess." She hesitated, as he stared at her, a bit aghast at her frank admission. "Truth is", she went on, knowing she was engaging in a lie, "I'm not supposed to; but thank you anyway!" 

"It's OK - you're welcome to use the bathroom in the house - it's all right, and it's clean," he offered.

She shook her head again. "It isn't that I don't want to", she went on, continuing her fib, "I'm not supposed to. My doctor feels I have been going too often, and that I need to stretch my bladder. So I'm doing my exercises - I'm supposed to drink a lot of water, and then just hold myself as long as I can. It's to train me not to go so often."

"Must be quite uncomfortable. Anyway, you're welcome."

Clearly the gentleman was a bit embarrassed by the subject matter. Paula, meanwhile, continued to move about a bit nervously, letting him know she was in some distress while trying to do as she had said her doctor instructed.

She stayed a bit with Mr. Jorgenson, exchanging views of gardening with him. From time to time she made a subtle reference to her internal discomfort, noting that this seemed to embarrass him further. She felt just a bit titillated at his reaction.

As time went on, she was aware that her need was quite real. She was restraining herself, but at length felt compelled to make her farewell lest her composure fail in his presence. She began to make her way onward. Perhaps she should have moved back towards her home, but she was determined to test her endurance as much as possible, and continued to proceed in the opposite direction. . 

She walked another two blocks, stopping at intervals to exchange greetings with residents. Her need was now approaching the limits of her ability to restrain herself, and she began giving thoughts to where she might find relief. It occurred to her that if she had worn a skirt she might be able to attend to her need outdoors while drawing minimal attention to her activity, but she was wearing jeans. She would have to lower them, or wet them. She began to have a bit of regret about having placed herself in this situation. 

About a block ahead lay a small patch of wooded ground, an undeveloped island in this suburban neighborhood. It was not much shelter, and at other times she would never have thought of it, but now she was indeed grasping at straws.

She reached the place, looking around. Down the street a little, several children were playing in the street and parkways. Across the street there was a house, perhaps occupied, perhaps not. She saw no evidence of anyone about. Another house adjoining the wooded area was screened from it by a bit of thick undergrowth.

She decided she must chance it. She stepped into the area, under the trees. Ste stood beside a large tree, her back almost against it, as she looked out toward the street. There was perhaps ten feet of area filled with low undergrowth between her and the street. Her back against the tree, she reached down and unbuckled her belt. Looking straight ahead, and trying to appear nonchalant, she unfastened the jeans. With the fasteners undone, she allowed them to drop down, while she continued to stand, looking out toward the street.

The jeans fell to her knees. Quickly, she grasped her cotton panties and pulled them down in a quick stroke, simultaneously lowering herself to a squatting position.

She commanded her muscles to release. It took a few seconds for her body to respond, but it did, sending her stream rushing to the ground. Oh, the relief she felt. She held the squat, feeling at once exposed, stimulated, and relieved.

Suddenly her heart seemed to skip a beat. A man, perhaps fifty or so, walking a dog on a leash, came into view, passing down the sidewalk only a few feet away.

He passed directly in front of her. Suddenly he spotted her. He turned and stared at the sight, a bit in disbelief.

"Good Afternoon, beautiful day isn't it?" Paula cheerily said to him, still pouring out her stream. She could hardly believe she had mustered the courage to even speak to him.

He just stared at her. Then he asked, "Just what are you doing?"

"And what does it look like?" Paula responded. She looked at the man closely, hoping she would not recognize him. She did not.

He stared, in apparent unbelief. "Lady, you shouldn't be:" he stopped himself, shaking his head.

"You're walking your dog, aren't you?" Paul asked, her stream continuing. "Well, I was walking, and, well, when a lady has to go, it's just like the dog- "

He stood, still staring. Suddenly, his head shaking, he averted his eyes and began to move on.

Paula finished her activity, and quickly drew up her underwear and pants. She failed to wipe up, having nothing around for the purpose.

"Bye, now - nice seeing you!" she called cheerfully to the man, now several steps down the road.

She emerged from the small wooded place, and quickly stepped off in the opposite direction from the stranger. By a different and somewhat confused route, she found her way back home.

The episode dwelt in her brain. She would not have sought to be seen, yet it was wonderfully exciting to be caught. She just hoped the man would not recognize her. She considered with a bit of horror the consequences if one of her neighbors should learn of her activity. She felt a strange mix of embarrassment, erotic arousal, and apprehension.

