My partner and I have written about a few things that we have done. He writes as JanaVal and he also helps me with my English, which allows me to say exactly what I mean when I write.
Although I would consider myself adventurous, wetting myself was not really something that interested me particularly before I met Jana. However, our first episode, which is listed in the stories as 'Splash Back', made me aware of how much Jana enjoyed this.
It is quite good fun I guess, in a rebellious way; and doing it always makes Jana more interested in me. I don't have a problem playing his games and it is just another, different kind of intimacy we share. I have done it when I have been on my own too, so that I get caught when he comes in, or just to be deliberately lazy if I am out in the garden. It also reminds be of the good times we have had!
We are very lucky that we have a lovely house, which is very secluded. In the summer we can be very free outside without worrying about being caught. It has a huge conservatory on the back with a small swimming pool in it, and we are improving the facilities it has. We have been buying furniture and turning it into a really nice space. Amongst other things a bought two enormous white towels, which fit in with other things we have. I showed them to Jana and was quite smug about them as they were dead cheap. He seemed quite impressed but typically did not say a lot.
I should also say we run our own business, so get to be at home together quite a lot. I have to travel as well and he keeps everything going at home. Recently a big opportunity came our way quite unexpectedly. It meant a massive amount of hard work in a very short time and lots of favours form friends. I had to be on the phone for most of the day arranging things with people in Italy.
We had been planning a fun day as we had already been working hard over the last couple of months but now I was going to be tied up all day and probably have to travel the next day. It was a big break for our business, so that had to come first. Jana was great and said he would make sure I could concentrate on work all day long.
I had only been in the office a couple of minutes when he came in. He had a very short pink dress I had been given by a friend. It was what we would probably call a sample. It is a piece that designers work on as they are producing new outfits. If you know how to shop it means you can pick up these designer clothes very cheap. It was very frou frou and rather a little girly, and although she had worn it, she has very long legs and it was just a bit too short on her. I wondered about have some alterations done to it but had not organised anything yet.
Jana was also carrying one of the towels. I told him I was going to be very busy and I did not have time to mess about if I were going to get our act together. He agreed and I started getting stuck into some calls. Suddenly he said he was ready for me and that this would save a lot of time.
I realised he had folded the towel into a big nappy. Despite my protests he pulled down my jeans and insisted I put on what he had made. He laid me on a worktable, slid my clothes off and lifted my bum.
Jana insisted I put this bit in though it is rather private, thank goodness we use noms de plume. When I was modelling, I did what many girls do. Pubic hair is an issue in some outfits, particularly underwear, so most of it is removed and shaped. I have very little left.
Anyway he patted my lady parts with some cream, which might have been nice if I had had time. Quickly I found my legs being parted, soft cloth being pulled up and the towel being bought up to my waist. I tried to protest saying that I did not want the towel spoilt but Jana pointed out it was very cheap and he could always go and get some more. Soon I was being pinned in, with two large pins from the sewing box. They were the sorts that you find in kilts.
It was quite comfortable as he sat me up. In one movement he pulled off my top and I quickly lost my bra. The dress was slipped over my head and arms and pulled down. "Have a look", he said. I stepped into the corridor where we have a huge mirror at one end. The dress looked even shorter as it flared out to cover the bulk of the nappy. It was quite cute but an absolute no–no in public. "And step in," Jana added.
To my surprise, no to my shock he had a pair of plastic pants. I found myself doing as he said, and these were pulled into place. He explained he had bought them from Ebay, as he had been planning something like this since the day I had come back with the towels. "Now", he said, "You have work to do and you won't even have to have a bathroom break". I could not even voice my protests.
I suddenly realised that it would not be long before I did have to go to the toilet, as I had had no time to prepare. I said that I could not be able to stay in the clothes all day, as I would get a nappy rash. He explained that was what the cream was for and that he had even placed a piece of muslin cloth over the nappy to keep me comfortable. He steered me into the room and told me to get started.
Now we have played with adult incontinence pants before, which Jana had found in Tesco's supermarket. They are all right but not that good for very sudden large spills. Being put into a cloth nappy is an experience quite unlike any other. I realised I had instantly become quite unempowered. I found myself wondering how I was going to cope with work, when I was dressed like a little girl. I was quite flustered. With Jana gone I had to get on with something and began to plan what needed doing.
Suddenly Jana reappeared with a pot of tea. There was only one cup on the tray, it was all for me. He poured me a cup and asked me for a list of jobs for him to do. Slowly I began to get focussed and sorted out some things he could help with. I got on the phone and the day began. Every ten minutes or so he would reappear to dump something back on my desk and to pour me another tea. I got stuck in to jobs myself and called in a few favours.
Then some toast appeared with a coffee. Later a coke was by my computer. I actually felt a bit bloated and realised I could not drink at such a fast rate. Within an hour I was on hold on a call and felt like I needed to go. I did not really trust the nappy and thought I would end up wasting time or missing a return call if I had to clean up. However, I let the first dribbles go.
I felt absolutely no different. The bulk of the nappy under me was very comfortable, but perhaps a little warm. It was certainly secure, almost like being entirely in my own world. I had had my ensemble on for an hour and wondered if the plastic pants might make me overheat eventually. A second and third longer one followed the first squirt. If anything it made the shape more comfortable to sit on as it helped mould the nappy to my bottom.
Soon my need to go was more obvious and I would have to give my nappy a more serious test. I had to call an agent in Milan, someone I had always found a bit annoying. As I was talking to him I leaned back in the chair and relaxed. I took in a huge breath and merely allowed the flow to begin. After five seconds I stopped but there was no leakage, so I continued. Instead of picking holes in what I was suggesting Toni seemed very co–operative on the phone. He complimented me on getting this deal rolling and said how relaxed I sounded about it. If only he had known.
The morning passed quickly and pieces fell slowly into place. I was going to have to fly out myself, and Jana booked a flight and spoke to a friend of mine about staying with her. He bought in a salad, which we ate whilst getting some making another list of things to do.
Some cranberry juice and sparkling water slid down. Another big contribution was made into my pants. I felt the heat leak back underneath me and pile up between my legs before spreading. Getting up to get files together I began to realise my nappy was quite heavy. Jana had done a good job of putting it on. It had initially been quite tight round the waist, but appeared to be easing up. I hoped this would not go too much further.
Sitting down was a slightly colder squish than before. Part of the nappy had been away from the warmth of my body and now was firmly against me as I sat. The wetness was far more evident now. I began to get that itchy feeling I have had before as I let panties dry on me in the garden. They keep reminding you of what you have just done.
By now I was allowing myself to pee, as I wanted, almost without thinking about it. Certainly I was completely unsure of whether I had stopped or not. Several times I thought I had, only realise the warmth was still dribbling out of me. I hoped this was not going to undermine my conscious control in the future.
As the early afternoon progressed things were definitely falling in place. What was becoming clear was that we would need more support in Italy than I had first thought, so we would not make a huge amount of money out of these arrangements. However, the kudos would be great and if things went well we would get a lot more work in. This could be less rushed and we could great better margins out of it the second time.
By now when I moved around, the nappy had a definite life of its own. It was beginning to slide down, it swung to it's own rhythm, as it hung between my legs and it was becoming less comfortable every time I sat again. It was not just the coolness, but parts now seemed to be much more lumpy and I had to smooth it below me to sit comfortably. This seemed to increase the itchiness.
I wanted my nappy changed. Jana refused until we had gotten everything ready. By now I had been in the nappy over four hours. The back of my dress was obviously wet round the hem too. I was beginning to leak. With pretty much everything in place it was time for a break.
Jana laid me back on the table, pulled up the front of my dress and slid his hand under the waistband. His fingers eased between my legs as I lay back. I warmed his fingers for him as an act of defiance. "I think you need a change young lady," he said, pulling off my pants. They were very wet and cold sliding down my legs. He unpinned me and peeled back the wringing wet material. The shocking cold air hit me right between the legs. The day was still fairly warm but the temperature contrast was enormous. I peed some more and he had to try and catch it as best he could.
As I lay there with my knees up and apart, I was suddenly made to realise that he had unzipped himself. With a sudden shock I realised he was aiming his stream straight at my most sensitive part. Now this is something in the wetting world that I can definitely recommend.
This was quickly followed by penetration, which was even more enjoyable. Neither of us lasted very long. I no longer had the security and protection I had had. The table was just the right height to maximise his efforts. It had been a successful day and I was happy to relax with him now.
So afterwards I was in the shower, having a good clean up. The phone went and I listened to Jana murdering the Italian language. He has a reasonable vocabulary and the grammar is fairly straightforward. It is just that sometimes he has to turn sentences around in an unnatural way to get around problems he has. It is the same with me in English of course.
Taking the phone call in just a towel, I found out that not everything would happen just as we wanted. More compromises would have to be made. However in the space of about five hours we had put together the bones of an event. It certainly helped that I had not had to leave the office. Maybe this is the way forward for all business people. Personal needs can take second place to company needs.
Ciao Valjana