Night of the Living Wet (Part 3)
Episode 3 – 'Till Wet do us Part
Laurie's jeep stopped with screaming tires at her sorority dorm. The door on the passenger side swung open immediately, and Kitty jumped out; her jeans were thoroughly soaked, she had already peed in her pants on two separate occasions but her bladder still wasn't empty – and her need remained. She took a few steps towards the dorm, but then looked back to see what was keeping the others. Laurie was helping Cathy, who was still crying and sobbing –as she had been all through the drive over here–, out of the car. She was trembling, clothed in nothing but a soiled T–shirt and her soaking wet panties. "Will you hurry up!" Kitty screamed, "I still have to go, you know!" "Well, you might wet your pants every day," Cathy cried, "but I don't, okay!" Cathy wasn't too ashamed at having wet herself, but she was worried about people finding out that she wet herself out of fear – that would do serious damage to her butch reputation. Kitty couldn't bear to hold herself now her panties and jeans were completely soaked, but she had to fight every reflex not to do so. The only reason she had held on until now was because she had let out so much already, but she knew the real flood was still to come. As Laurie and Cathy walked towards the dorm, Kitty danced ahead of them with her legs wide constantly. The wet patches in her crotch and on her butt felt cold, which really didn't help her bladder control either – then, with a loud splat, she pressed her thighs together. She had felt something warm flow past her clitoris just then. "Oh come on," she begged, "Can't you PLEASE hurry up?" "Why don't you just go to the bathroom by yourself?" Laurie asked, amazed by the insensitivity of her friend. "I AM going to the bathroom by myself," Kitty admitted. She doubted for a second, but grabbed her wet crotch anyway. It was the only way to keep the rest of her pee from splashing all over the floor. The drops that had escaped had brought a new wet glow to the stains already on her jeans, and Laurie and Cathy could see the imprint of one wet drop running down her leg. "Wait!" Cathy sobbed, "what if that thing followed us here? I mean, it followed you to our dorm, didn't it?" Laurie looked at her and thought about what she said; then, she heard a soft, dripping sound; she looked at Kitty's shoes and noticed small, yellow drops on the ground near them. "Laurie, PLEASE." Kitty begged her as she bent over, "I'm really losing it now." Laurie, Cathy and Kitty ran into the building and onto Kitty and Laurie's room. Kitty was leaving small, wet puddles all over the place. Her pee went from drops to a steady beam as the girls started hearing a loud, hissing sound when they entered their room. Kitty stumbled into the adjacent bathroom to find the first intact toilet she'd seen that evening! As she closed the door and tried to unbutton her pants, she crossed her legs to try and keep it back, but to no effect. The pee kept streaming out of her, down her legs and even into her shoes, soaking her socks. She got her wet pants –that kept sticking to her legs– out eventually and sat down on the toilet, not even bothering to take off her once white, now yellowish panties and let all the muscles in her body relax. She peed straight trough her panties now; it had absorbed all it could, but now the thick urine beam came through with an immense force. Looking into her crotch, Kitty noticed you could see through her panties now, they were that wet; she saw her pubic hair and her vagina with a slight yellow shine, the same went for her butt – her panties seemed glued to her body with wetness. When the peeing stopped and the last drops ran down the rim of her panties once more, Kitty took off her jeans and looked at them. The blue denim was almost colored black with wetness, and only now she noticed the stench she had been spreading all along. Suddenly, she was startled by a strange noise; she looked up and could only scream.
Laurie put a dry towel on a chair and invited Cathy to sit down. She did so; she had stopped crying, but was still red–faced with shame at disgracing herself. "Don't worry about it," Laurie comforted her, "I'll get you some of my clothes, and some washing gear you can use. Would you like a beer?" Cathy nodded shyly. Laurie went over to her refrigerator and got out a beer; she threw it to Cathy, who caught it out of the air; she was a sports girl, after all. Then Laurie went into her bedroom for a minute and came out with a clean pair of panties, a pair of short, cotton leggings and a tank top. "I didn't know your size, but these are thee only ones I've got that are clean," she excused herself. Cathy took the clean clothes in her hands and put them on the sink behind her. Then, she stood up straight and took off her T–shirt. "I'll look the other way, if you want to," Laurie suggested. "I'll be alright." Cathy answered when she also lowered her sticky wet panties, "I'm used to changing rooms where all the girls in the team are looking at each other. No problem, really." Laurie gave Cathy a clean towel and a washcloth, and Cathy immediately turned on the faucet there. Laurie crossed her legs when she did this. "Do you have to go too?" Cathy asked her. "Ever since we entered the biology building," Laurie admitted, "but I can hold on, don't worry. I just wished Kitty would hurry up in there." Cathy waited a moment until the water became warm, and then put the washcloth under the faucet. Laurie was hopping from one foot to the other. Cathy noticed this and turned off the faucet again. "Thanks," Laurie smiled, but she still couldn't stand still, "I really wish Kitty would hurry up! I'm starting to get desperate." Cathy could see Laurie's bare legs fidgeting beneath her skirt, and even the loose blouse she was wearing couldn't hide her swollen bladder. While Cathy washed the pee off her vagina and butt, Laurie walked nervously towards the bathroom and banged on the door. Her banging was almost immediately answered by a loud scream; the girls took a step backwards as the screaming lasted for a couple of seconds, then came to a halt. Laurie pressed her thighs firmly together and tried the handle on the bathroom door. Luckily, Kitty was so desperate that she had forgotten to lock the door. With the last of her courage, Laurie opened the door and saw the same scene she saw in Cathy's dorm and in the biology building. The toilet was ripped from the floor and Kitty was nowhere to be seen. As water was spraying everywhere, Laurie didn't even think about her throbbing bladder; she saw a hole in the ceiling, and out of the dark void beyond she heard a distinct, feral growl. "Oh my God!" Laurie panicked, "it's here! We have to get out of here!" "What?" Cathy asked; she was still standing there naked, now drying herself. "Grab the clothes and run after me!" Laurie yelled as she made for the door. Cathy heard a loud bang from the bathroom; she grabbed the clothes Laurie had given her and ran after her. As the girls made it back to the jeep, they heard a howling from inside the dorm that must have come from the creature. Cathy threw the towel she was carrying into the seat she had wet earlier and placed her bare bottom there as Laurie started the car and drove off once again. Only now, when they were relatively safe, Laurie noticed how bad she had to pee. "Are you alright?" Cathy asked as she put on the fresh pair of panties. "I've had worse," Laurie answered, pushing back her tears and biting her lip in desperation, "at least, I'm not desperate enough to squat in the middle of a grass field, if that's what you mean." Cathy smiled knowingly and put on the tank top she had borrowed. "Where are we going anyway?" she asked, partially to change the subject. "The biology building," Laurie answered, "that's where all this started, so it must be where that creature has taken Kitty." Seeing Laurie fidget in her seat, trying to keep her concentration on the road, made her remember something not entirely unimportant too. "Laurie," she said, "I have to admit something to you." "What?" Laurie asked distracted. "Well," Cathy shifted in her seat, "beer always goes straight through me."
TO BE CONTINUED.
Skaat ( Email Welcome... Skaat is male ) next Skaat story