The Exhibition (part 4)

By Francine

CHAPTER 4. The Second Day

The next morning, she was awakened a seven by the arrival of a breakfast tray. She ate, and again tried to wash herself a bit. A policeman asked if she wanted to go out in the yard for a bit of exercise; she said yes. He led her, attired in just her panties and bra, through the police station and to a small fenced in yard outside a door. She was ushered outside, and the door locked behind her. Soon she found that she was the object of interest of a number of people, including neighborhood children, who had gathered to look at this woman walk around the yard in her brief underwear. But there was no escape, and Nancy was resigned to being on view. At least it was not as bad as being chained naked. After an hour, she the door opened and she was returned to her room.

Shortly before eleven, Clarence came to her door and unlocked it. "Time to go and get ready for the day's activities. You can leave your pants and bra in here, until we come back. And if you haven't used the toilet in the last few minutes, I suggest you do before we go." 

Nancy had now had her modesty violated so often it no longer shocked her. While Clarence stood and watched, she removed her two garments and left them on the table, then sat on the toilet and relieved her bladder for what she expected would be last time for many hours. As she flushed, she announced, "I'm ready" .

Clarence escorted her, naked, down the hall to the room where she had been prepared before. On the table was the large pitcher of water and a glass. "Mrs. Johnson, you understand what we have to do with you today. We have almost two hours before you go on exhibit, and I need to get as much water into you as you can hold, before then. I want you to start drinking, and I have to watch you, to be able to certify that you have been properly prepared for the punishment. We gave you a bit over two quarts yesterday, and you urinated just less than a quart at the end. I need to get three quarts into you today, and I hope that by the time we stand you up on the exhibit your bladder will already have a quart in it. I can tell, because that should cause the hardness to extend nearly to your navel, and your abdomen should be bulging slightly. You should be experiencing considerable pain, but your bladder will continue to fill. I doubt you can hold it for another hour, but I have to put you to that test." 

Nancy began drinking, realizing that she was being required to bring on her own torture. She dreaded what the afternoon would bring; and knew she was going to experiencing severe pain all afternoon because of what she was doing now. But there was no way out - no way would she accept being chained naked for several more days on that dock! 

She consumed the entire pitcher, two quarts, while Clarence observed her. He then took the pitcher and brought it back full (two more quarts). "You told me three quarts - not four!" Nancy exclaimed. "and my stomach is so full now, I can hardly hold any more. Can you give me a few minutes and then let me try to take some more?" Clarence answered, "Take your time. I need for you to get another quart inside you before we go. We have about forty minutes before we have to go. I suggest you stand up and walk a bit to help the water settle." "May I go outside for a bit?" "No. I am not allowed to leave you unguarded, to insure that you do not throw up, urinate, or otherwise relieve yourself. "

Nancy stood and tried to walk around the room. Her stomach was full of water, and she could even feel it rolling around inside her. Her stomach felt, and looked, bloated. She ran her hands over her midsection, feeling the distention and the liquid inside her. After a few minutes, she took another glass of water and began to slowly drink it while she remained standing. She had now been drinking for about an hour, and already she was feeling a slight desire to urinate; something she knew she would not be allowed to do. 

Another policemen called to Clarence that the other prisoner was ready and loaded into the van. He motioned to Nancy to finish the last glass, leaving the pitcher half full. He figured that made the three quarts.

The ride to the exhibition dock was increasingly unpleasant for Nancy. The same young woman who had been exhibited with her yesterday was again in the van. She had lost control the previous day and wound up spending four additional hours on exhibit, plus an extra day today. Today she was miserable, and in tears. She had been given only two quarts against the three quarts Nancy received, but she anticipated another loss of control and more extended time chained up. Nancy began to doubt if she could hold herself long enough to avoid an involuntary loss of water. It was now a few minutes before one, and she wouldn't be allowed to urinate for over an hour, and then only half a pint - a sixth of what she had drunk! Her stomach was most uncomfortable with the water distending it, and she could feel it shifting within her whenever the van turned a corner. A bit farther down, her bladder was sending stronger signals asking for relief. Clarence had told her that her discomfort was being intentionally increased, and it was indeed. 

At the Exhibition site, the two nude women were again taken up to the platform. While the girl was being secured, Clarence produced a new surprise for Nancy. He called the attendant forward, and instructed him to bring one more "large" glass of water for Nancy, "just to make sure we get the required results". Nancy was astounded, but Clarence explained, "if you can't drink it right now, he will give it to you gradually as the water works its way out of your stomach. But you are to drink it." 

Nancy was secured in place. This time, her legs were spread a bit farther apart, about two feet, as Clarence explained, "to increase your discomfort, and make it just a bit harder for you to hold your water. We have to make up for yesterday. A few minutes after being chained in place, Nancy finished the water glass. Almost at the same time, Clarence felt her abdomen. "It's swelling up nicely, today. Does it feel full yet, to you?" Nancy nodded, her mouth full of water. "Good. It will of course get much fuller as we force it to expand, but this is a good start. We will soon see if you can hold it another hour". He left.

The crowd was admitted. As usual, the younger woman got most of the attention. However, somewhat to Nancy's surprise, Ralph was there at the opening, and came right up to her. After asking about her condition last night, he asked her directly, "Tell me, what did they do to you this morning. I hate to see you like this." "Ralph", she answered, "I don't know if I can make it though today the way I wanted. Right now I'm just uncomfortable, and there's no real pain; but it's going to get much worse, and I don't know if I can take it, but I've got to try. I was told that I didn't have enough pain yesterday to qualify for their standards of corporal punishment, so today they've done things to make it worse."

"I can see that your legs are spread farther apart- other than that, you look about like yesterday. You did get some rest?"

"I'm rested, all right. Slept like the dead. But this morning they prepared me for what will be real torture as the day goes on. My legs are a little more uncomfortable, but not too bad. That's not really the reason they spread them; I really think that some of the men complained they didn't have a good view of my bottom, because I have too much hair, and spreading my legs gives them a better view. But it also will make my bladder control harder later."

"It's got to be torture enough just to be exposed like this. You didn't even want to wear bathing suits off the beach!"

"And look at me now! That's a joke, man- all these guys are looking at me. And there's no part of me they can't see. Some of them go around the back and look at my butt- we're on display on all sides; these people get full frontal views, profiles, behinds - whatever they want to look at. And they like to see us shift and squirm. The part I hate most about the exposure is my topside; you know I never went braless. Now my breasts droop and swing with every motion I make. You know what it feels like when your breasts swing loose? No - of course you don't. It may be nice for some young girl, but when you get to my age, it just feels sloppy, and unpleasant. "

"You really sound in better spirits. You say you have no real pain yet, but you are uncomfortable? What's your worst problem right now?"

"I need to urinate!"

"Yesterday they let you, after a while. I guess they make you wait a lot, like they did yesterday, and having to hold it is part of the torture. You told me yesterday they made you drink a lot of water before you came out here- "

"Ralph, yesterday they made me drink two quarts at the station, and two big glasses every hour out here. Today, I had to drink over three quarts there and a little more here. I haven't urinated for about two hours, and I've now got almost a gallon of water in me. And when I am allowed to pee, it's only half a pint every hour. Ralph, how much do you think a woman's bladder can hold? How much could yours hold? "

"Yesterday, I saw you when they let you empty yourself just before you left - you filled a big pitcher. I don't know what I could hold, and I really don't want to find out!"

"I have to find out - and I will today. And it's going to hurt a lot. They've set me up so that later on I'm going to have endure awful pain in my bladder; and even then I don't see how I'm going to be able to hold it enough to avoid getting my time lengthened. Every time I have a leak, or pee more than I'm allowed, I get an added two hours of being the star attraction in this naked show, with cramps and sore muscles from the chains in addition. If they think I've completely relieved myself, they'll add extra days. Do you know how much it can hurt when you have this overwhelming desire to urinate, but you have to just hold it and make your bladder stretch? And do you know how it feels when you finally get a chance at relief, and when you've peed out a little, you get ordered to stop and go back to holding it? This is what I have to go through. Yesterday, I had almost a quart in me when I nearly filled that pitcher, but they thought it wasn't enough.

Today they want to make me hold that much almost all of the time I'm up here. I can't even put my legs together, or use my hands. Even right now, my bladder feels awfully full, and it's starting to really hurt- but I've got to wait another half hour before I get even a little relief." 

Nancy was obviously getting worse by the minute. She tried to distract her feelings by watching the crowd around the platform. While mostly male, there were a few women. Two middle aged women came close to Nancy and looked closely at her breasts, while from the gestures and bits of conversation she heard, the women were comparing their own anatomy to hers. A few tried to talk to the women. Several times Nancy was asked her bra size, usually she ignored the remarks, but the last time she sarcastically replied, "I don't wear one". Men, many of them aware of the torture methods being used on the women, occasionally asked her if she needed to pee. When they were polite, she sometimes nodded.

Five minutes to one. Nancy felt like she was hiding a watermelon in her bladder- it felt stretched almost beyond belief. She longed to pull her legs together, and strained against the shackles. She called on all her abdominal muscles to help her sphincters restrain themselves. She fidgeted constantly, moving to try to find some position that offered comfort. 

Clarence approached her. "How do you feel?" he inquired. "Miserable" was the reply, "it hurts so bad - but its what you wanted! I don't know if I can hold it. I guess you really want me to let go and have to spend an extra day here, don't you?" "No, Mrs. Johnson, I really have no wish to prolong your punishment. I really do hope you can get it over in the three days. I'm hoping you really can hold yourself and avoid the extra time, but I have to make sure that is very painful for you - that is what corporal punishment is all about. Now, I'm sorry for your sake, but I need to feel your bladder to see whether it's distended enough. If it isn't, I can of course cancel your limited relief and just give you the water instead." He reached down and firmly pressed on her body just below her navel, then palpated the entire area down to her line of pubic hair. She winced and squirmed under his touch.

"Mrs. Johnson, I can feel your bladder almost up to your navel, and it's starting to bulge out just a bit. In this job, I have had to check a number of women with badly distended bladders, and I would guess that you're holding close to a quart. Considering the amount of water we gave you, I think it's fair to allow you your half-pint relief. Your bladder will probably fill by that much in the next ten minutes, anyway, and it's got a lot more stretching to do if you're going to get through this without any unauthorized leak. We're going to try and keep over a quart in you down there, but you're going to do a lot more filling unless you really start sweating it off. I've never found a woman who could stretch her bladder to two quarts, and you may have to come close to that to avoid any penalty time. But I give you credit - you're one determined lady, and you have good muscle tone for your age." 

Nancy took the two glasses of water as quickly as she could swallow their contents, not that she was thirsty or needed the water, but she desperately needed even the limited relief to her urinary system that would follow. A minute or two after she finished the water, the attendant came and carried a half pint container, which he started to hold under her. A man in the crowd called to him, "do the other one first! We all want to see the girl pee! Make this one wait a little longer!" Obviously, the man was known to the attendant, for he nodded and left Nancy. He attended to the young woman, giving her water and allowing her the use of the urine container while Nancy waited in something approaching agony. To be that close to relief, and to have it snatched away, even for a few minutes, was adding to the torture. 

When he got back to nancy, he stopped for a moment and spoke to the man in the crowd in a low voice, though Nancy could just overhear it. "Want me to tease her a little? Watch this!" the attendant said. 

He placed the container under Nancy, then said "OK, start it up. You look like you've got plenty of pee in you!" Nancy released her bladder, and after just a few drops, the attendant told her "Look, lady, you're so full it comes out too fast. You can't exceed the half pint, and I have to catch it all. So just let out a little at a time, then stop it; if you do it in spurts I'll tell you when you're at the full mark." Nancy tried to comply, but each time she had to stop her flow, the pain surged within her. Somehow she managed to get through it, and released her half pint in a series of short spurts. In her mind, she was cursing the experience, conscious that she was being subjected to repeated efforts to cause her more torment.

Clarence was right. Twenty minutes after being allowed her relief, the pain was worse than ever. She was also more tired. Her arms ached from their extended positions, partly because she sometimes shifted her weight to them to ease the strain on her legs, uncomfortably spread. It was hotter than ever, and the sweat poured down her body (a blessing, she thought; if she could just get rid of enough water this way). She could feel the sweat running down between her hips and over her breasts. Her feet were tired because in the more spread position, she was less able to shift her weight and move them.

Ralph, watching in crowd, suddenly was distracted by the arrival of a uniformed officer, carrying a camera. He motioned for the crowd to allow him space close to the platform, and from close in he proceeded to begin taking pictures. Ralph was horrified at the thought of his wife finding her picture in some newspaper, showing her in her present state. He looked to the guard standing nearby. "I thought photography was prohibited here? What's he doing?" The guard responded quietly, "He's the official police photographer. He has to make pictures of each convict, both front and back and from the side. The pictures are not made public, but are kept in the police files to show how the convict appeared. We try to get them at their worst. The pictures are used only if there is a complaint or official investigation later. No one else can get them, not even the convicts themselves. If anyone else shows up with a camera it is confiscated and the film destroyed.

We do not all ow this place to be used to make illicit photographs." 

The photographer stood in front of Nancy, after photographing Veronica. He took several photos of her, full front, squirming and all; then also photographed her in profile, and then her backside. She saw him, worried as was Ralph, over who might see them.

But her worst torment continued to be her bladder. What genius, she thought, conceived of this torture as an alternative to flogging for women! Maybe flogging would be easier, because at least it would be over quickly. What she had to endure was going on for hours. Moreover, those watching couldn't tell the depths of her pain, because there was no whip, no blood, no lash marks, no piercing screams from sudden strokes. The pain she had to suffer was internal, and the onlookers could only perceive it from her facial expressions, the writhing movements of her body, and her vocal complaints. All they could see, and some of them looked careful to detect it, was the bulge of her abdomen, harder to see from the front, but detectable by those who viewed her in profile. Nancy, of course, couldn't see this subtle symptom of her condition, but she was reminded of it when two of her viewers, standing at the end of the platform, commented on it.

"Look, now her tummy's sticking ou t farther than her hair", said one. "And she's got a lot of hair down there. But her stomach's kinda fat, too. Maybe that's all you're seeing. " "No. Look carefully. Her stomach's got a bit of flab, but it's up higher, behind her belly button. The bulge you see now is bigger than it was an hour ago, when it didn't stick out as far as the hair below it. Now its pushed out beyond the black hairs. That's her bladder - it's really full of pee! They must really give these gals a lot to drink before they string them up!" "I heard this one say she had to drink almost a gallon! Boy, I bet she'd like to let it out. But they give them an awful penalty if they pee." "That's the real punishment here, besides being strung up with nothing on! They have to hold their pee until it hurts them mighty bad." 

Nancy could hear the conversation, and the two continued to discuss her anatomy. After a few minutes, they came around to stand in front of her. Nancy was fidgeting rapidly, shifting her weight around and squirming. Her abdominal muscles twitched in her continual efforts to restrain her sphincters. She turned her face rapidly, grimacing with pain. But she was able to look at the men, and one of them spoke to her. "Hey, lady, we can see your misery, but what's the real pain you're feeling. Are they stretching your arms too much? Are you legs sore? You itch? What's really bothering you the most?" Nancy was really in no mood to satisfy their curiosity, but neither was she prepared to argue. She thought they at least sounded sympathetic. "I need to pee! I need to pee so goshawful bad!" One turned to the other and remarked, "See, I told that was her bladder that's bulging! I wonder how much longer she can hold it?

Hey, lady - have they got you plugged up with something, or are you just holding it?" "I'm not plugged - maybe it would be easier if I was - I have to hold it!" 

Ralph appeared again and called to his tortured wife, "Nancy, I hate to see this, but you're doing great. How are you feeling, or should I ask?" "Ralph, it's awful -awful. My muscles are about to give out, and Ralph, I don't want to leak; I don't want to - but this - this is real torture. Someone said I'm bulging out because - because - Ralph, go around to my side and tell me if I'm really sticking out where my bladder is - they said it's sticking out farther than my hair- please look! I must look all distorted!" 

Ralph moved to view his wife in profile. It was really hard to see her pelvic area clearly in profile, because she was squirming so much. "Nancy - you've got a bulge all right, you look all swollen up from your hairline up to your navel. Nancy - I hope you don't damage yourself trying to last through this. Maybe it would be better for you to accept some more time..." 

Nancy almost screamed "No - No - I've got to hold..." But she was writhing in agony. As her body squirmed and turned, her dangling breasts bounced around rapidly, putting on quite a show for the watchers. She was trying to jump up and down in her torment, and this made her breasts move even more wildly. 

Three o'clock. Clarence came around for his regular check. He palpated the other woman first, then motioned to the attendant to bring her water and relief container. Then he came to Nancy. He looked at her, squirming and writhing in obviously agony, with her abdominal area now bulging noticeably, pain written all over her face. But she hadn't peed a drop. He used both hands to feel her swollen abdomen, careful to feel down to the hairline but not below. He spoke to her, "Mrs. Johnson, I can't completely check you unless I feel in the area of your pubic hair, because you have expanded so much. I won't touch your private parts, but I do need to feel a bit lower - please try to hold still." He slid his hand briefly across the upper part of her pubic hair.

"Mrs. Johnson, you're doing fine. I wouldn't have expected you to have either the muscle control or the pain tolerance to hold your bladder this full - and it is extremely full. I would guess that you are probably holding well over a quart, which will meet our requirements. I don't think I have ever encountered a woman your age with this amount of bladder control. Of course you are entitled to your half pint of relief, once you drink your two glasses. If you can make it another hour, and when we empty you get get over a quart, we won't have to increase your water dosage for tomorrow." He motioned to the attendant, and audibly instructed him, "Don't tease her this time. Let her do it all at once. " Nancy was grateful. She sucked on the straws and got the water inside her as quickly as possible, even though she could not hold herself still in the process. Two or three times she had to let go of the straw to move and groan.

Finally, he held the container under her and told her to "let some out". She complied, but for just a few seconds. At his command she forced her sphincters to stop the flow, and he held up for her inspection the half-pint container, full of almost clear pee. Nancy was surprised at the color, and remarked, painfully, "that came from me?" "Sure did" Clarence commented, "you produce some of the clearest stuff we've seen. That extra quart did it - the extra dilution, you know." 

One hour to go! The half pint relief she could hardly detect, and her muscles were giving out. All the writhing and squirming was creating aches and irritations. She saw Ralph and called to him. "Ralph - look at me from the side - am I still as swollen? Gee, it hurts so bad, and I'm running out of muscle power." She was breathing hard and becoming exhausted. "Please, Ralph, look me over and tell me how I look. I don't know if I can take it another hour, but I've just got to try - if I can, then I've just got one more day of this torture. If I blow it, I may be here for days, because I don't think I could do any better tomorrow..." Ralph looked at his wife closely. "Nancy, I think you might be leaking a little... no, no, it's just that you weren't wiped off after you let out your last allowance, it's drying up --- but your hair is getting soaked with your sweat. You still have a sizable bulge - you look a mess! ...

I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say that.... you're sweating a lot, which is good, -- I've got to see behind you - sorry, I can't get close to you; Nancy, you're putting on quite a show - there are dozens of people watching you from all sides."

"How's the other one doing?" Nancy managed. "She's pretty good- not near as bad as you are. But they didn't give her as much water. She's hurting, but gosh, she's not performing like you.." Nancy vaguely realized she was making a show - not that she cared, all that she really wanted was to somehow tolerate the intense pain in her abdomen for what was now about forty minutes. If she could just do it! The writhing, twisting, grimacing, probably didn't relieve the pain, but the crowd had not seen another woman go through this agony without relieving herself. Actually, Ralph realized, the crowd was partly sympathetic. They were really cheering for her, hoping she could last. Others, obviously, were just enjoying the view of a naked woman in torment. 

Twenty minutes to go. Nancy said, to no one in particular, "I'm not going to make, I'm, I'm starting to leak! Oh, if only I could put my legs together, maybe I could hold it, Oh, Oh, anything, but...I... when you're this close..." Nancy didn't know who was listening, and she was in such pain that her words were becoming incoherent. Someone in the crowd called out, "Give her a chance!!" Another called "keep the show going" . The crowd took up the call.

Clarence appeared, motioned for quiet and call the guard forward. Quiet reigned. He went up to Nancy, now a study in writhing motion. He spoke to her, "Mrs. Johnson, you seem to have a lot of sympathizers. I'm going to offer you a bit of relief if you'll take it with a price. Interested?"

"What ... have I got..." her voice trailed off. Clarence motioned for the attendant to come forward with a container. "Mrs. Johnson, I am going to allow you to let out a whole pint right now; but you've got to agree to an extension. If I allow you this, you must stay here an extra hour, which means an hour and a quarter from now, with no further relief, and you must drink a quart of water instead of just two glasses. And two more.... " "Yes, OK, anything, but let me do it ... now. Tell me the rest while I'm peeing..." Her eyes were closed in a grimace, her face contorted. As the attendant placed the container under her, Clarence continued, "Remember, the object is for you to be in pain. Just a pint now, no more! You get water after that until you've drunk a quart, and no more relief for another hour and fifteen minutes. And the other two things: your legs are to spread wider, by another foot, to stretch those muscles you use for control.

And finally, if you don't produce at least a quart at the end, we add an extra day to the exhibition. Agreed?"

Nancy responded immediately, "Agreed - agreed. Yes, yes. I've got to.." She was almost ecstatic with the feeling of actually allowing her bladder to discharge even a small part of its contents. But her mood was changed quickly with the attendant's order "Stop! that's all for now!" .

Having completed this service to her, he unshackled her right leg, moved it over another foot from the other leg, and reshackled it in the new position. Meekly she accepted this, her legs now stretched apart quite uncomfortably, incidentally opening up her genital area noticeably. She reflected mentally that this was about the most unladylike posture she could assume! The added effect of spreading her legs was also that her arms were now stretched higher by several inches, causing her upper body to be stretched a bit upward, lifting her breasts a bit. 

Now the attendant brought the required water to Nancy. A whole quart, she thought. He brought it to her in successive glasses, putting the straw to her lips. She took it as quickly as she could manage, later reflecting that she might have been able to draw out the procedure and have a bit more time. Finally she finished, her stomach now feeling just a bit bloated with its new load.

Veronica was given her water and limited relief, drawing the crowd's attention away from Nancy. Now she was feeling discomforts from all her parts. Her arms complained of the stretching, her legs hurt from their widened stance, the sweat fell into her eyes, and she could smell the odor from her own armpits. But no discomfort matched the ache, the hurt, the feeling of her poor overdistended bladder, stretched what she would have thought was beyond its limits.. She reflected that a new quart of water was being pushed into her body by her stomach, which her kidneys would then quickly pump into her bladder, furthering her distress. If only there was some way to slow down the process!

She tried to concentrate on the feeling in her stomach, hoping the bloating would continue as this would mean the water was still there. But this was not to be. It was now a bit past four in the afternoon, and she had had no food since early morning. Her stomach and digestive tract had been given a gallon and a half of water since she last ate, and it passed quickly through her, and she hadn't been allowed to completely empty her tortured bladder since midmorning. For hours now, it had been painfully full. She felt her it protesting every bit of the expansion being demanded of it, yet she strained to keep her tired sphincters closed. Her abdominal muscles were also numb, from being held so tight so long. 

Nancy was so absorbed in her own distress that she scarcely noticed when her companion was given her final relief. The crowd watched as the measuring container was placed below her, and she was allowed at long last to urinate. It took a long time, and Ralph, was in the crowd near her, noticed several men turning away with disappointed looks as the contents rose in the jug. Then he realized- some of those in the crowd were betting on how much she was holding!

Ralph viewed Nancy from a short distance. Now she appeared as a woman in real agony, as bad or worse than yesterday. Her squirming was causing her to strain at the shackles, and her spread legs showed intense muscle strain. The sweat poured from her, though the temperature had fallen a bit in the late afternoon. She called to him, seeing him near her. "Ralph, come..... I need you to look me over.... I feel like I'm leaking... Oh, please I don't want to leak at this point. The way my legs are spread I just can't hold myself tight enough...tell me if I'm leaking! I've got to hold it."

Ralph peered at his wife's wide open crotch, damp with sweat, as was the rest of her body. She was quivering, her muscles tensed and cramped. He looked at her from the side, noting the big bulge in her abdominal region. He wondered at how she could mange to hold herself so tight; but it didn't appear she was leaking a drop. "You're not leaking, Nancy," he called back, "but you sure are bulging. You're going to burst something if you hold any more!" 

The clock moved on. At long last, after what seemed an eternity, the end of her final hour approached. Clarence came toward her, followed by the attendant with the jug. The crowd pressed forward, one man obviously holding the bets and looking to see what results she would produce. "OK, Mrs. Johnson, it's day's end. You made it. You can empty it all out now; and we'll see how you did." 

The jug was held under her. Nancy tried to release her sphincters. Not a drop fell. Seconds went by, a minute; the crowd was silent. Clarence just looked at Nancy. "Don't you want to empty yourself?" he asked. "I..I..I.. can't. My muscles are cramped, and I've been holding them so tight they won't let go. What do I do now? Oh, but it hurts so bad!" Ralph looked at his wife, unable to relieve herself, though she was at the end of the day's ordeal. He called to her, "Nancy, try to relax, try to let go! Now, you have to!" 

The man with the bets looked impatient, and gave a shrug to the crowd. Two, three, four minutes went by. Finally, a few drops of fluid appeared at her splayed crotch. It stopped. Two more minutes; a few more drops. Then, a slight stream. The crowd cheered, as much from their own relief at the end of their patience, as for Nancy. The stream grew, and became stronger. Ralph noted it was almost colorless, but it was becoming more forceful. 

Nancy called to Ralph, "Is it coming? I feel like I'm letting out a little, but, gee, it hurts so bad, and my muscles are so tired, I can't push..." Ralph tried to encourage her, "You're doing great, it's coming out strong now..." He could hardly understand her feeling, with her bladder so overdistended and stretched that it was now having trouble expelling its contents.

Seemingly minutes went by. Suddenly the attendant called "Stop! Stop! It's full - I have to get another!" Nancy, in shock, tried to shut off the stream, but could only weaken it. In seconds he held a second container under her. The bettors were looking in amazement. Finally, the stream slacked, and ended. The attendant started to take away the container, but Nancy protested, "No - I'm not through - there's more!" . Her senses proved correct, as the stream began again, continued another twenty seconds or so, and finally stopped. The bystanders were amazed, and some applauded, some cheered. Nancy reflected that she had never thought a woman's urination could be a spectator sport, but then she took several deep breaths, and tried to relax.

As her shackles were released, she asked Clarence, "Did I have enough?" Clarence smiled at her. "You had enough. Want to know how much?" Nancy could only nod. "Forty-one ounces. No wonder you had such a bulge. I didn't think you could hold that much. " Nancy's bladder still ached intently, though the bulge was gone. She almost collapsed as she was led to the van, then slid into a seat, not speaking, not even conveying a farewell to Ralph. 

At the station, she staggered to her room and fell onto her cot as the door was locked behind her. She stopped not even to put on her meager underwear. Almost immediately she feel into a deep sleep, every muscle in her body exhausted.

Hours later, as she lay there, her consciousness was stimulated by a signal now all too familiar to her - her bladder was demanding relief. She tried to delay even opening her eyes, in her now relaxed state, but she soon decided she could not ignore the message. She opened her eyes. The room was dark. Outside her one barred window with it was black. Only the dim light coming through her barred door from light down the hall illuminated the room. Suddenly she looked at the door. She really had no privacy; anyone in the hall could look in at her through the barred door. She had been allowed her underwear, but it lay on the table because she had collapsed on the cot as she came in. Now she awoke on her back, aware that she had been sleeping completely uncovered, and that anyone peering through the door had a good view of her. But her modesty was so severely damaged by now, she thought, what more would it matter?

She rose up, not knowing how long she had slept. On the table was a glass of something like lemonade and a sandwich. Not her usual meal, but obviously she had slept through dinner. The policeman who usually brought her food, had obviously taken mercy on her and left her a snack for when she awoke. Or, perhaps, she thought, reflecting that he must have come into the room while she lay naked on the cot, this was a tip for a good show! 

She used the toilet to relieve her bladder, very full from the continuing effort of her kidneys to recondition her body from its water-logged state resulting from yesterday's hydration. Yesterday? She thought- how late is it? She had no way to know. She was hungry, having eaten nothing since breakfast the previous morning. She consumed the sandwich and drink, then flopped again on the cot. This time, however, she slipped on the panties and bra first. Still tired, still aching, dirty and smelly she knew, but fed and relieved, and a least covered for a little modesty, she fell again into a deep sleep on the cot.
