Title: Cider with Rosie

By: Neil

During the first holiday that Rosemary and I took together, two weeks in Cornwall, we went to a Folk and Craft Fair we had seen advertised, a privately run affair on a moor-land farm. The car park was a field next to the road, and then we had to walk about a 400m down a rocky lane to where the fair was taking place. It was a collection of local craftsmen displaying their arts, some more professional traders, a covered stage for folk groups to perform, and a bar and refreshment tents. The toilet facilities were rudimentary, in keeping with the rest of the fair; a screened off trench with some duck- boards along one edge for the men, and five Porta-loos for the women. Already there was a queue building up for the Ladies, so after I had used the trench, I stood idly by, waiting for Rosemary.

A middle- aged woman behind Rosemary in the queue had her legs crossed as tightly as anyone, and she appeared to be having a spasmodic conversation with Rosemary. Eventually, Rosemary was done and rejoined me, making some comment about the loo already being pretty filthy, and what hopelessly inadequate facilities they were.

"Did you see that woman behind me, all the fuss she was making."

"What about her?" I asked her.

"All the time in the queue, she kept on about how desperate she was, and how she was going to wet herself if she didn't get to a loo quickly. She wanted to push in front of me, but I told her I was just as bad," replied Rosemary. "She got on my nerves, which is why I was so long in the loo. I wanted to make her suffer as long as possible."

Was it my wishful thinking, or was Rosemary showing an interest in other people being desperate? At that early stage in our relationship, I had not told her of my interest in water sports topics, but I had noted once before that Rosemary had made some remark about peeing that I had not followed up. Perhaps this was the chance?

"If she wet herself standing up, surely nothing would show on her skirt until she sat down?" I said.

"No, I suppose you are right," she said. " Unless she had completely broken down there wouldn't be any wet marks on her skirt. But I don't believe that she was actually wetting herself, I think she was just making a fuss because she didn't want to queue."

Always wary about declaring my interest in desperation etc., I backed off and changed the subject. Maybe it was only my imagination that Rosemary was also interested.

Soon after this, the rain, that had been threatening all day, arrived with a vengeance, so we retreated to the bar tent for shelter. To Rosemary's delight, they were selling rough cider as well as beer, so while I had to stick to the local 'boys' bitter, as I was driving, Rosemary could indulge in her favourite 'scrumpy.' To avoid too much waiting at the bar, we bought two pints and found seats where we could wait for the weather to improve. Rosemary usually only drank half pints in the same time as I would drink a pint, but, as so often happens, when given a pint she drank it at the same rate as I was drinking my beer. I returned to the bar, now even more crowded, and got two pints for each of us, hoping that they would last until the rain stopped.

As we finished our second pints, I began to feel the need for a pee, and belatedly noticed that Rosemary had her legs crossed tightly, probably also in need of a pee, as I already knew that she had a smaller bladder than mine. It was still raining hard, and I wondered what she would do, as neither of us had a waterproof or umbrella. Those visitors who were suitable dressed for the British summer were still walking about the fair, and I could just see that there was still a queue at the loos, so if Rosemary went for a pee, she was going to get soaked. As if she was reading my mind, Rosemary asked if I thought the rain would stop soon. I suggested that it looked brighter, and might clear up soon. She winced slightly at this, which probably meant her bladder was uncomfortably full already.

Not long after this, a loud argument began among a group of 'lads' at the bar, and this then turned into a scuffle, which went on for some time. Eventually, they were all thrown out, but not before they had provided us with about ten minutes entertainment. Watching them stagger across the field, we saw that it had almost stopped raining, whereupon Rosemary admitted that she was 'bursting' and was going to take the opportunity to go to the loo. I suggested that we finish our drinks first, and then go and watch the folk group that was due to perform. Rosemary gulped half her remaining cider, then said that she could not drink any more. She was now openly squirming about on her chair, legs crossed just about as tightly as it was possible to cross them.

Much as I would have liked to have sat and watched her in this state for the rest of the afternoon, I took pity in her and finished my beer. Unfortunately, we were not the only people who were taking the chance to pee while it was not raining, and the queue for the Ladies was far longer than it had been earlier. Leaving Rosemary in this queue, legs crossed and looking far from happy, I went for a pee. 

The rain had turned the ground around the men's trench into a quagmire, and even with some of the duck-board piled on top of each other, it was almost impossible to pee without getting wet feet. The place was such a mess that some men were simply peeing on the ground, which was making the mud even worse. I was pleased to get out with nothing worse than muddy shoes. Rejoining Rosemary, she did not appear to be any nearer her loos, but from the way she was standing, legs crossed and hands pushed into her jeans pockets, her need to pee had increased. As soon as she saw me, she beckoned me to join her in the queue.

"Neil, is there any chance I could pee in the men's loos?" she asked. "I'm desperate, and I'm going to be ages in this queue."

"There aren't any cubicles in there, Ro," I replied, "It's hardly possible for men to piss without getting their feet wet. It simply isn't possible for any girl to pee in there."

Rosemary responded to this news by twisting round to face me and pressing one hand between her legs. "What am I going to do? I can't wait much longer, and this queue is hardly moving."

The original five Porta-loos were now reduced to three, as two were blocked up and had been taken out of use by removing the doors. The other three were probably nearly as bad, and yet girls seemed to be spending a long time in them.

"Why is everyone taking so long in the loo?" said Rosemary, "Oh Neil, what am I going to do? I want to piss so badly and I can't get to a loo."

There was more than a trace of panic in her voice now, and she was holding between her legs again, trying to use me and the girl in front to screen what she was doing. I could not help glancing along the queue, noting that most of the women had their legs crossed, some really twisted together, and at least three other looked as if they were holding between their legs.

Rosemary interrupted my thoughts, gripping my arm with her free hand. "Neil, please help me find somewhere to piss, I can't wait much longer, I'm never going to hold out until it's my turn here."

The desperate, pleading look on her face, and her hand pressed between her legs told me that she was not exaggerating, and she really was approching a crisis.

"Let's get to the car, then we can drive to a garage or caf‚ with a loo," I said. "Can you manage to walk that far?" I added, half jokingly.

"I don't have much choice, I'll have to manage somehow," she replied, speaking between clenched teeth, making me realise just how desperate she was.

The rain had made the path even more difficult to walk along, and poor Rosemary had to try and negotiate it with one hand holding between her legs and walking with her thighs pressed together as she fought to control her bladder. At first modesty made her stop holding herself whenever we met a group of people, but the time she could last without holding got shorter each time, and we were not half way when she had to hold herself all the time. She was clinging to me with her free hand, and was struggling to keep her balance on the muddy, rocky, track. She had a grim, determined look on her face, and each time she slipped or tripped, she would gasp 'Oh no!' and grip my arm tighter. I noticed that at the same time, she would press her hand even tighter against her pussy, and for the first time I began to wonder if she was going to be able to wait.

Another twenty yards and she stopped and turned to the hedge, plaiting her legs and holding herself with both hands. "What am I going to do?" she cried, "I can't wait any longer. I'm going to wet myself if I have to walk any further along this path."

"It's not far now. Come on Ro, just hang on a bit longer, you will be OK once you are sitting down in the car."

Rosemary staggered on a bit further, then doubled over, both hands between her legs.

"I can't wait! Oh Neil, I'm so desperate I don't know what I can do. Oh, I want to piss so badly, please help me." This really was a crisis for the poor girl, and she was almost in tears she was so desperate.

"I can't walk any further, I can't bear it, it hurts so much on this rough ground. Oh what can I do? Oh Neil, I want to piss, I want to piss so badly!" She was crying now, and beginning to panic she was so desperate.

I picked her up in my arms and began to carry her to the car. Rosemary was only thin, but she was tall, and it was all I could do to carry her that far. She made no attempt to hold on to me, both hands were needed to press between her legs and hold back the imminent flood. When we reached the car, it was obvious to both of us that she was not going to be able to wait any longer, and she was going to have to find enough cover to pee in the car park. I opened the drivers door wide, which more or less screened her in one direction, and stood guard near the back of the car.

Rosemary didn't need any encouragement to use this, as she had been muttering 'I want to piss, I must to go, I can't wait.' as I had been carrying her. She hauled down her jeans and knickers in one movement, and as she lowered herself into a crouch, I heard the hiss and splash as her stream of pee hit the grass. An initial blast at pressure, and then a steady stream that just went on and on, until I wondered if she was ever going to stop. At last her stream died away, then a couple more spurts, and she pulled her jeans back up and fell into my arms. She was crying again, but tears of relief this time.

"Oh Neil, thank you. You saved my life, carrying me all that way. I was so desperate I thought I was going to die if I had to try and walk any further."

I hugged her tightly to me, comforting her. It had started to rain again, and I had lost interest in the folk groups. I helped Rosemary into the car.

"I think a cream tea at the Ocean View Tea Rooms is called for," I said, as we drove off. Rosemary nodded in assent and began combing her hair to make herself more presentable for the tea shop, which was a fifteen minute drive away. As we neared the tea rooms I began looking for a free parking space.

"Go in the paying car park next to the tea rooms, I'll pay," instructed Rosemary, "I'm bursting again already, and I can't face any more delays."

A couple of minutes later I was being seated at a corner table overlooking a wet and dreary beach, and Rosemary was heading for the Ladies. By the time she returned, the waitress had taken the order for two cream teas and left us alone.

"Better now?" I asked Rosemary as she sat down.

"Oh the relief!" she replied. "I enjoyed every minute of both of those pisses, and it's wonderful to be comfortable again. I've still got a stomach ache though, do you think I could have strained my bladder holding on so long at the festival?"

"It's difficult to damage yourself deliberately, normally your body rebels and stops you doing it." Rosemary seemed willing to talk about her desperation, and I was not going to let the opportunity pass.

"My body was rebelling," said Rosemary, lowering her voice and looking around to see if there was anyone near enough to hear our conversation. "Normally when I'm bursting, it is just a case of holding on and being uncomfortable, but in that queue I wanted to piss so badly I could not bear the thought of having to wait any longer. Then when we started walking, the uneven path was jolting my bladder, making me want to go even more urgently. I just did not have the strength in my bladder muscles to hold it back any longer, I really thought I was going to piss in my jeans any second. I simply had to hold my crutch or I would have wet myself. Even then I could hardly control myself. If you hadn't carried me the last bit, I don't think I would have made it unaided. Do you know, I was actually thinking of squatting down on the path and pissing."

I decided to risk taking the subject further. "Have you ever been so desperate that you have wet yourself?" I asked, hoping that this would not upset Rosemary.

"Not since I was seven," she replied, smiling. "I was out with my auntie, and I was too shy to ask until I was desperate, and she made me wait until we got home, as there weren't any public loos. I wasn't allowed to hold my crutch then, so I was going frantic. I wet my pants on her doorstep, the thought of getting to the loo was too much for me."

We were interrupted by the waitress serving out teas. As she left, Rosemary continued, "This is hardly a normal topic of tea-time conversation, is it?"

"I suppose not," I answered, "but I must confess that I enjoy the subject, and seeing you, or any girl, desperate is a real turn-on. Does that shock you?" I felt this was the moment to lay my cards on the table.

"No, I don't think its anything to be ashamed off. My sister and I used to talk about pissing quite a lot, ever since we were quite young. When we had been bursting, or seen any of our friends desperate or holding themselves, that sort of thing. It was a private, naughty, thing that we kept to ourselves. When she got married and moved away, I had no-one else to discuss it with. There still seems to be a bit of a taboo about the subject; you can talk about most sexual topics, but not pissing. But I have never stopped watching for desperate people or noticing how often they go for a piss."

Rosemary's reaction was all that I had ever hoped for. Not only was she not shocked by my interest, but she had an interest herself.

"What would you have done if I hadn't carried you? Would you really have wet yourself, or pissed in public view?"

Rosemary though for a minute. "I really dread to think. I suppose I would have managed to wait somehow. I would probably have had to keep stopping to regain control, you know how walking always makes you want to go more than standing with your legs knotted."

"What if we had stayed at the fair, would you have lasted in the queue?" I continued to pursue the subject.

"The same thing," she replied, "I would just have to have held it somehow, but it would have been absolutely frantic. It's not a situation I want to think about. Thank goodness I had a boyfriend who came to my rescue."

"I wonder if any of the other women in the queue were as bad as you?" I prompted her, wondering what she had noticed.

"There must have been some who were close," Rosemary said. "Most of us had our legs crossed, and while you were in the men's, that plump blonde just in front of me was doubled over, holding her crutch and saying she was about to 'do it down her leg.' She seemed to have got herself under control when you came back, but I'm sure she would have been holding again in a few minutes."

I reached under the table and squeezed Rosemary's hand. "It's one condition that never gets better if you just ignore it, it only gets worse. The only thing I regret about the afternoon is not having time to watch the other desperate women in the queue."

"I'm sorry," said Rosemary, "but even if we had stayed, I would not have been able to pay attention to anything except holding myself back. But I agree, I would have loved to have watched the antics of a few desperate people, men or women."

Good though the Ocean View cream tea was, I don't think that either of us noticed what we were eating as we pulled our chairs closer together and began to explore our common interest in the subject. That wet afternoon in Cornwall was one of the turning points of our relationship.

