Learning Chess
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique

I was always interested in the classic games, like chess. Alex, a friend of mine, an excellent chess player in my opinion, agreed to show me how to play.

He came round on a Saturday evening, arriving a little early which, I assumed, was to give me time to learn the rules. When I opened the door, however, I saw that he did not have the game with him, and I wondered what was going on.

"I thought we'd play chess in the open air, in the park" he suggested.

I was a little surprised, but it seemed like an agreeable idea. I asked if I needed to change my clothes, but he told me what I had on was fine - a tight pair of jeans and a nice top. I donned my jacket, slipped on some shoes followed him.

In the car, he said, "I have some food and drinks prepared too."

"Hey" I said, "I think teaching chess is enough. You shouldn't go to so much trouble."

"I like doing it for you"

"I think you'll have an other opinion after teaching me. I think I'm not a very fast learner."

I took one bottle of water and nipped a bit and we drove on. After a while we reached a park, parked the car and went in. I looked around to see if there were toilets because I had not taken the precaution of going at home before we left, and I had already finished the first bottle of water. I was sure that I would have to go later, but there were no toilets in sight. After that, I forgot about it.

We reached a place where big Chess "fields" were located. The chess pieces were huge! We with big figures. No one was playing on one of the fields, so we entered and Alex again went over rules, explaining what every figure may or may not do. I was glad that I already knew some of the basics or I would never have remembered even half of it.

At last, we started playing. Alex showed me some classic openings, during which time he opened a bottle of Prosecco, which we shared. I'm sure it's not a good idea to drink alcohol during a chess game, but we were doing no world championship.

As the game continued, I felt the first urge to pee.

The first game was over really fast but in the second game I showed what he thought me and could outlast his offence nearly half an hour. After than, Alex agreed to take a break and we sat down to eat the sandwiches he made. Sitting on the ground, I felt my waistband tighten, reminding me that I still needed to find somewhere to pee. The urge was suddenly much stronger, and I squirmed a bit to get more comfortable. Of course I had to drink some water with the sandwiches, and by the time we were finished, I was feeling in constant need of a pee. My desire wasn't urgent yet, but it was becoming more insistent.

Alex and I talked for a while, then finally got up for the next match. As I rose to my feet, I fumbled with my waistband to make it feel a little more comfortable again, and I started to wonder if it was wise to start the third match before looking for a toilet.

"Alex, are there any toilets around?"

"I don't know. I think there may be some by the car park."

Returning to the car park would take until some minutes one way, so I decided to hang on.

The good thing was that you have to walk around much if you are playing open air chess, and this helped me to keep the urge down. But, after another half an hour, I was finding it difficult to stand and looked relaxed each time one of us was contemplating the next move. A bit distracted by my aching bladder, I made a big mistake and Alex won the game.

"Come on!" Alex said happily. "One more game. Your performance was not as bad as in the last match, but the last move you made as a bit silly!" I thought about his proposition for a few moments, then agreed. "O.K.," I said. "Why not." We played again, but now when I had to pause, I stood with my legs crossed most of the time. Occasionally, I would resort to putting my hands in my pockets and pull up my jeans; the need to pee was slowly becoming very urgent.

If you are playing open air chess in a park, there tend to be a lot people around watching the game. Normally, this would not have been a problem for me, but now I had to cover my predicament not only from Alex, which was not difficult since he spent most of his time concentrating on the game and not looking at me, but also from the spectators.

I found it harder and harder to concentrate on the match, and after a particularly violent spasm of my muscles which almost made me pee in my jeans, I went over to Alex: "Maybe we stop now?" I suggested. "I don't feel so happy playing any more."

"Veronique, the game has already started," Alex retorted good-humouredly. "Come on, I'll show you what to do now!"

He probably thought I was losing interested because I had lost both games so far, and I didn't want him to think me such a bad loser, so I bit my lip and went on playing. After another five minutes of this, I was really tapping one foot and then the other, shifting my weight from leg to leg. I was close to breaking into a real pee dance, and was embarrassed by the knowledge that I would not be able to hide my predicament much longer.

Growing very nervous about the full state of my bladder, I again went over to Alex and whispered to him: "Alex, please can we stop now, because I have to use the bathroom."

I stood by his side, both hands in the pockets and legs pressed together. I tried to massage my crotch with my hands to ease the pain.

"Oh," he said, sounding so disappointed. "It will only take ten more minutes. Can't you last that long?"

I wanted to scream that I was bursting, but all I said, in a soft mumble, was, "Sure."

We carried on and I did my best to look composed, but my bladder was extremely full now and my tight jeans were cutting hard into my abdomen. Every time I had to bend down to raise a chess figure, I was forced to pull on the waistband of my jeans to stop it pressing on my stomach. As Alex made his moves, I had to walk around to avoid peeing myself, trying to make it look as if I was trying to get a better look at what he was doing.

I was aware that what I was doing must look very silly to the spectators, and besides, every step actually hurt, so I tried to stand again. Alex made his move a few moments later. Thank god he didn't need long to think about it. Now I was able to move a lot, but I could hardly concentrate on the game, and inevitably I made another big mistake. This time, Alex came to me and told me the right way why it was a bad move, and I had to stand there until he was finished with his explanation. I pulled up my jeans with one hand and tried discreetly to shift my weight, but I couldn't cover my need anymore. I think that was when Alex finally noticed my little pee dance.

"Please Alex. I'm sorry and embarrassed but we really have to stop now. All these people are looking and I'm really doing pee dance now. It's humiliating."

"O.K. then. Let's get our things and go."

We put our things together and went back to the car park.

During the walk, I pulled up my jeans every ten steps or so to help my bladder. I was becoming really frantic now! Most of the time, I had my hands in motion around my waistband, either pulling the jeans up or to keep the waistband away from my swollen abdomen. I was becoming very nervous. Alex was talking to me as we walked, but I could only answer him in monosyllables.

I tried to tighten my muscles to ease the ache around my bladder, and as we reached the car park I asked Alex where the toilets were. My foot tapping was absolutely frantic.

" I don't know." He said. "I said I only thought there could be some."

I started to walk in one direction searching for a sign, keeping a look out for any bushes where I could go. I really was dying to pee but there was nothing big enough. In the end, I turned and hurried in the other direction, bending over a little now to ease the pressure in my abdomen. Bu all my searching was without success.

I went back to Alex and climbed into his car.

"Did you find a loo?" he asked.

"No," I gasped. "Please hurry I still need to go!"

"Can you wait until we are at home?"

"What?" I didn't really hear what he was saying

"I asked if you can wait until we are at home"

"Yes, but please hurry!"

Sitting in the car was a welcome relief at first, but within minutes I doubted that I really would be able to make it home in time. The ride would take about twenty minutes and I was ready to explode. I was shifting my legs and bouncing up and down a bit without caring about Alex. He already knew that I had to pee, but I didn't want to hold myself in front of him. The temptation was so strong though because I was in such a desperate condition.

When he turned to look for traffic at the next road crossing, I opened the waistband of my jeans. I was in agony. My body was shaking more and more, but despite all these efforts to hold it, I suddenly felt pee moving into me. I pressed one hand between my legs.

"Alex, please pull over. I need to go now!"

"There's no space," he said. "We will be home in five to ten minutes"

"I can't wait any longer! Please pull over! I'm about to pee my pants!"

I pulled my hand away again but felt I couldn't hold it any longer.

"I can't find no spot," Alex declared.

"Hurry! Turn left or right. Do something."

It was no good. I had to press my hand between my legs again, and this time I couldn't risk taking it away anymore. I just held myself.

Finally there was a little hedge and Alex stopped. Filled with panic, I climbed out of the car in an artistic way so that I didn't loose control, then quickly squatted between the car and the hedge. Alex could see me but he turned his head. A real gentleman.

Pee came out of me with in a powerful gush. Alex could not resist saying, "Sounds like you really were in trouble."

I didn't know if he liked seeing me desperate. Maybe I will find out the next time.

