Title: The Morning Service
	Entry to: Month 27
By: Neil and Rosemary

On a chilly autumn Sunday morning, the Blakleys, Millicent, Horatio, and their daughters Penelope and Charlotte, her fianc' William Hodgson, and their friends, Florence Galworthy, Captain Holt, Charles Waverly, the local curate, and Alice Stanley, the vicar's wife, were gathered for an early breakfast. Mrs. Blakley had set out a magnificent spread of food for breakfast, and servants were moving round the table plying the guests with food and drink, while she reminded them that they had a long morning ahead of then, and they should eat well while they had the chance.

That morning, instead of attending matins at their parish church, they were travelling to St Jude's in Barchester, where the Reverend Blackhill was preaching. His sermons were famous throughout southern England, and they could not miss the chance of hearing him preach. Millicent Blakley had organised a party to travel in two coaches, and they were meeting and breakfasting at Strechley Manor before leaving. All too soon for most, Mrs. Blakley was chivvying her guest to finish eating and board the two coaches that were taking them to Barchester. 

The coach journey was uneventful, though slower than had been anticipated, and when they arrived at St. Jude's, the congregation was already forming, nearly two hours before the service began. Millicent bustled between the two coaches, urging the party to dismount quickly and join her friends, the Hamilton family from Barchester, who had arrived just before them The best pews had all been claimed by the local, Barchester families, but, aided by Emily Hamilton, Millicent and her party managed to occupy the last of the centre aisle pews, close to the front of the church, and in direct sight of the pulpit from which Reverend Blackhill would preach. 

St Jude's was a magnificent, high roofed building, recently extended to cope with the increasing population of Barchester, and the interior was still cold and damp after a series of unusually cold days. None of the ladies in their party was wearing a coat, mainly because they wanted to show off their new gowns, bought for this occasion, and though none would admit it, they were all regretting this decision as they sat in the cold church. Florence shivered as she took her seat, and pulled her shawl tighter round her shoulders.

No only was she cold, she had an embarrassingly urgent need to relieve herself, and she could not think of any way that she could attend to this need until after the service. A late addition to the group, she had not acquainted herself with the timetable for the morning, and was expecting the service to begin soon. Maybe it would last longer that usual with such a famous preacher, but she thought that within two hours they would be taking refreshments with the Hamiltons in Barchester. She would just about be able to last out until then, and she tried not to think of the discomfort she would have to suffer. 

It was nearly two hours before the service began, and the Strechley party passed the time quietly gossiping and watching the congregation arrive. Long before the service started the church was packed, and people were having to stand in the aisles. Their pew near the front of the church gave them a fine view of the pulpit and altar, but they had not been able to see how full the church was becoming until there were people standing in the aisles. Florence maintained a constant stream of small talk with her companions, trying to take her mind off her increasing discomfort, but by 9,30 she was finding it difficult to concentrate on anything other than her urgent need for relief, and the aching stomach that was resulting from this need.

She was now aware that the service did not begin until 10 o'clock, and for the last half hour she had been beginning to doubt her ability to contain herself until the end of the service. Her dilemma was that she could not think of any way that she could ease herself until then. Even if she went outside, she did not know where she where she could relieve herself. She had no friends who lived near the church, and it was unthinkable that a lady alone should enter an inn and use their privy. 

With a celebrated figure like Rev. Blackhill present, every part of the matins service was as elaborate as it could be, and took longer that Florence anticipated. Sitting before the service began her need to relieve herself had been painful enough, but standing and kneeling at the start of the service brought her to desperation level, and she was hardly able to control herself. As she sat for a time, she just had to cross her legs in a most unladylike manner, hoping that in the confines of the pew, this would not be noticed. For the moment she was relatively comfortable when sitting in this manner, but every time she had to stand or kneel, a renewed need for relief would sweep through her body, each time more intense and urgent that the previous, and even when sitting it was becoming increasingly more difficult to contain herself. 

When the sermon began Florence, legs crossed as tightly as she could manage, was beginning to suffer the agonies of a body most urgently needing relief, the pain in her stomach making it impossible for her to concentrate on the Rev. Blackhill's preaching, magnificent orator though he was. She tried to move discreetly in the pew, hoping to find some position where her dress was not pressing so tightly against her throbbing stomach, and also best control the need that was becoming so urgent that she was reaching the point when she felt her body could resist the pressure no longer, and she was close to disgracing herself as she sat in the pew. 

Desperate to try anything to avoid this, she joined her hands under her legs, pressing them together even harder than she could by simply crossing them, but this made little difference to her condition. On the brink of wetting herself, frantic to do anything to avoid such a disgrace, she tried to reach between her legs while sitting on her hands, pushing the layer of skirt and petticoats upwards as she tried to reach far enough to control herself. Her fingers were just touching, but she could not reach far enough to apply the pressure she needed. Then a flash of inspiration; she would push her pocket edition of the prayer book, turned edgewise, between her legs, and she could adjust it to press hard into her and prevent any involuntary leakage. 

Florence endured to the end of the sermon containing herself in this manner, sitting on her hands and guiding the book to press where it was most effective. Then, at the conclusion, they had to pray, and she had to kneel, unable to even keep her legs crossed, and with no other assistance, she knew she was not able to control herself any longer. Taking a terrible risk of discovery, she openly pressed her right hand between her legs, the only possible way she could contain her need, hoping that everyone would either have their eyes shut or be looking straight ahead at the priest. As soon as they could sit again, she was fumbling the book back between her legs, now so desperate for relief that she could not contain herself unless she was pressing between her legs. 

The final hymn was her undoing, standing, it was impossible to press between her legs without being seen, all she could do was to cross her legs as tightly as possible. Her slim body was shaking with the effort she was making to hold back her waters, but the pressure was too great to bear, and she could feel hot liquid trickling down the inside of her legs. Not until she knelt for the final prayer, and she risked pressing between her legs again, could she stem the flow, and even then not immediately, and she felt wetness seeping through the layers of clothing she was pressing between her legs.

With such a crowd in the church, they had to sit for some time until it was their turn to move out, and engaged in conversation by Charlotte Blakley, Florence was unable to sit on her hands any more, and to her utter shame, she lost control again, a wet patch forming on the back of her skirt. Walking out of the church worsened her condition, and her legs and stockings were wet when she reached to carriage. She had feared that her indiscretions would be revealed by a trail of wet patches on the church floor, so she was thankful to note that the aisle was already quite damp, and she innocently assumed that this was caused by the congregations' wet boots when they entered. Not for a moment did it occur to her that she might not be the only unfortunate member of the congregation who's need for relief had become unbearable. 

Twice more before they reached the Hamilton's house, where they were lunching, Florence lost control, and as she entered their mansion she was acutely conscious of wet patches on the front and back of her blue skirt, soaked stockings, and a further trickle of liquid running down her leg. She prayed that the floral pattern of the dress would disguise these indiscretions. Thankfully, Mrs Hamilton almost immediately suggested that the ladies should retire and refresh themselves before lunch, and a maid lead them upstairs where guest rooms were available. Emily Hamilton had left them in charge of her maid, but had not given the simple girl any instruction as to what facilities the ladies required.

She showed the Blakley women into one large room, then Florence into a smaller adjacent bedroom before hurrying away, too shy and confused to ask if the ladies required anything other that the ewers of hot water she had left in each room. Florence had been in such distress, fighting with all her strength to control herself, fearful of leaving a trail of wet marks on the carpets, that she had hardly been able to keep up with the maid, and the girl had left before she could even think of asking her where the bathroom or privy was.

Left alone in the privacy of the bedroom, Florence clutched herself between her legs with both hands, stemming her waters only at the expense of an other wet patch on the front of her dress. The need to relieve herself overwhelmed everything else, but she could not go looking for a bathroom in such a state, she was going to have to find somewhere in the bedroom to ease herself. Beside herself with desperation she was considering either adding to the hot water in the ewer, or making a puddle in the darkest corner of the room, when she saw a chamber pot under the bed. Not even pausing to lock the door, she pulled the pot from its hiding place, and hoisting her dress and underskirts, crouched over it and with a gasp of relief, let her waters gush forth.

Her relief was so great that she ignored the loud splattering as her stream hit the china, and then the louder splashing as the torrent poured out under what had been unbearable pressure. To their intense embarrassment, this was clearly audible to the Blakley sisters as they left their room. As neither they nor their mother was needing to relieve themselves, they were disgusted to have to hear Florence doing so in such a noisy and uncouth manner. As she washed her hands afterward, she tried to splash the front of her dress, to disguise the wet patch where she had been holding herself, and when downstairs she tried to remain seated as much as possible to hide the larger wet marks on the back of her skirt.


Alice Stanley, the vicar's wife, a plump, homely woman of 38 years, was already feeling very uncomfortable when they arrived at the church. She was often embarrassed by needing to ease herself more frequently than other ladies, and necessity had made her skilled in containing herself even when under the most severe strain. This morning she had been intending to make herself comfortable before entering the church, because she knew how long the service was expected to last, and doubted her ability to contain herself until the end, even using all her experience.

Her husband had travelled to Barchester the day before, staying at the rectory, and would be assisting at the service, and she had hoped to excuse herself on the pretext of having some message for him, and use the facilities at Barchester Rectory. Failing this, she was prepared to walk slowly about the grassy parts of the church-yard while discretely releasing her waters under her skirt, something she had been forced to resort to on many occasions in the past. The haste that Mrs Blakley had ushered her party into the church had not left her time for either of these. They had only been seated a few minutes when the Reverend Stanley arrived at their pew to greet them. Alice hid her dismay at this, as she could think of no other possible reason for leaving the church. 

Ten minutes before the service was due to start, the urgency of her need had risen to the point where she could not face the prospect of hours more of increasing desperation. She would have to pretend she felt faint, and slip out 'to get some fresh air.' Then she might be able to use the facilities in the Rectory, or pay some local shop- keeper to use their privy, or as a last resort, find some bushes to hide behind, so badly did she need to ease herself before the service. When she turned round, she saw that the church was so crowded that it simply was not possible for her to leave.

She had no alternative now, she had to endure the service where she was, and find the strength to contain herself until the end. She had already been sitting with her legs crossed, necessity making her defy social convention, and now she twisted them tighter in anticipation of the agony to come. All her adult life she had been aware that ladies had to ignore the demands of nature if they were to lead a normal social life, and this was an occasion when she was going to have to make herself control her needs.

The standing and kneeling at the start of the service soon reduced her to a state of near desperation, hardly able to contain herself, even when sitting again, forcing her to use the most extreme method she knew of to control herself. Dropping her prayer book, fumbling under the pew to find it, and shifting her position several times, she uncrossed her legs and then tucked one foot under her, the heel of her boot pressing the fabric of her skirts up between her legs, applying pressure where it was most needed. Thus seated, she was able to endure the hours of the sermon, if not in comfort, at least without risk of soiling her dress with any accidental release.

By the end of the service the pressure in her stomach had become so great that she had to adjust the manner that her heel was pressing into her, finally being forced by the most extreme need she had ever known, to re- arrange her skirts so that her boot heel was pressing directly into the soft flesh between her legs, sealing off any possibility of an involuntary leak that would stain her pale grey dress. Kneeling, and then standing at the end of the service, she used the deep pockets of her dress to allow her to press one hand against that same place between her legs, standing close to Florence so that no-one else could see her standing in such an unusual manner. 

She tried to maintain this same position as she walked out of the church, one hand in her pocket, pressing between her legs, the other holding her bible in front of her, trying to cover her action, and to protect her throbbing stomach, which was now so painful it was bringing tears to her eyes. The wife and daughter of vicars, her upbringing made her consider succumbing to her bodily need, even slightly, while in church to be an unforgivable sin, and she would rather have died that allow any loss of control.

Alice had intended to flee to the adjacent rectory as soon as she was out of church, praying that either the rector's wife or one of the maids would help her there, but as she had left the church, her husband was waiting, eager to introduce her to the Bishop, Rev. Blackhill and other local clergy. There was no escape for Alice, and she had to quickly take her hand from her pocket, curtsey and then shake hands with them, trying hard to make some polite conversation, knowing how important it was to her husband that she made a good impression on these dignitaries. As she commended Mr Blackhill on his sermon, though she had hardly remembered a word of it she had been under such stress, she forced herself to stand still while she tried, despairingly, to control herself. All to no avail, the pressure was now irresistible, and a gush of liquid flowed down her legs.

She stifled a gasp of despair, and pressed her legs more tightly together, trying to restrain the flood, reducing it to a trickle that would soak into her woollen stockings and either run into her boots or drip quietly onto the ground, instead of gushing uncontrollably, staining her skirts and splashing audibly. As she talked to the Bishop she moved off the stone path onto the grass churchyard, and, safe from detection, allowed a long stream to pour down her legs and onto the grass.

Once she had begun to ease herself, she was unable to regain control, despite the volume of liquid that had flowed down her legs, and as she walked to the rectory, accompanying her husband and other church dignitaries, a steady stream of liquid was running down her legs. Her stocking were saturated, and some was dripping onto the path and more was filling her boots. Not wanting to risk soiling her dress, she had to remain standing until she was able to have a private word with a housemaid and be escorted to a bathroom and attempt to clean herself and release the remainder of her pent up waters.

Captain Holt did not share Mrs. Blakley's delight at claiming such a prominent position in the church. He was already in some need of relief, sitting upright in the pew and pressing his legs together in a vain attempt to make himself more comfortable. He had anticipated they would leave the coaches at an inn, where there would have been some facilities, if only a secluded wall in the stable yard, for men to relieve themselves. He glanced sideways at William Hodgson, Charlotte Blakley's fianc', a tall, thin, effeminate looking man who worked in the City. If he, George Holt, cavalry captain and as fit and strong as any man, was needing relief, then this poor specimen would undoubtedly be far more uncomfortable, and when he could no longer stand the need, then his exit would provide Capt. Holt with an excuse to accompany him out of the church. In the meantime, he could only try to ignore the increasingly strident 'call of nature' that he was suffering.

During the long wait until the service started, Capt. Holt's need to relieve himself increased steadily and inexorably, and he kept glancing at William Hodgson, looking for signs that he too was desperate to relieve himself. Maybe, he thought, the man was hanging on until just before the service started, so even if it was a long service, he would not be suffering again at the end. His watch had stopped, so he was not aware of the time, only of how desperately he needed to pass water, and he was just thinking that he might have to make the first move, hoping that Hodgson would jump at the chance to join him, when the organ began playing and the service started. Now it was too late to leave, he was going to have to hold out until the end, a grim prospect when he already needed to go so badly.

The only action he could take to alleviate his need was to cross his legs, and even though this was considered 'bad form' when ladies were present, he could not bear to sit in any other manner. Even then, the sermon had not lasted more that 30 minutes, hardly past the introduction of one of Rev. Blackhill's great oratories, when he began to wonder how he could possible endure much longer. His belly was swelling with the pressure that was building inside him, and with the swelling came the throbbing pain that no amount of leg crossing could drive away. He had to remind himself that he was a soldier, an officer, trained to withstand pain and discomfort, and he would have to bear the agony of his bursting bladder with the same fortitude as he would a wound in battle. 

The sermon seemed to last for ever, and to Capt. Holt it seems as it he had been sitting in church, legs crossed, desperately fighting to control his bladder, for hours. It was still cold in the church, but beads of sweat were forming on his brow as he had to use all his strength to contain his waters. His breeches were pressing on his swollen belly, and he was discretely trying to loosen the lacing convincing himself that this eased the pain and even reduced the level of his desperation. Sitting with his bible resting on his legs, he could press this into his lap, slightly easing his desperate need. In this manner he was able to control himself until the end of the sermon, though by that time he was crossing his legs so tightly that he was shaking, and the pain from his swollen belly was so great that he thought it would burst like an over-inflated balloon if he could not release his water soon.

Kneeling to pray, and standing to sing hymns brought him to unimagined levels of desperation, requiring every ounce of his strength to hold back his waters, sweating profusely and shaking with the effort, and knocking his knees together in a last frantic attempt to keep his breeches dry. Sitting again, legs crossed more tightly than ever, the intense, frantic desire to spurt into his breeches seemed to die away to a controllable level, while the pain of his swollen belly reached new heights, and increased further as he walked out of the church.

During the service their carriages had been taken to a nearby inn where the horses had been fed and watered, and it was Capt. Holt's greatest hope that they were still there, so he could relieve himself at the inn, but to his dismay, both carriages were waiting in the street. Climbing the steps into the carriage brought on a surge of desperation so intense that he could not prevent a few drops leaking into his underwear, and inside the cramped seating was putting more pressure on his swollen belly, and he had to clench his teeth to avoid groaning with the pain. The ten minute ride to the Hamilton's was almost more than he could endure, and as he forced himself to try to walk normally up their steps, there was only one thought in his mind, to get to some place where he could release his waters, before either his belly split open or he fainted with the pain. 

While the ladies of the party retired to refresh themselves before lunch, Mr Hamilton led the men into the morning room and offered them drinks to help them recover from the time in the cold church. No mention was made of the gentlemen wanting to ease themselves, and Capt. Holt could not bring himself to make the first move, expecting that the offer would come after the drinks but before lunch. In the meantime he rapidly drunk the two generous measures of spirits that he was offered, thinking that the alcohol would deaden the pain in his distended belly. Then they were joining the ladies for lunch, when it was unthinkable that he voiced his need.

He struggled through luncheon, pale faced with the pain, and wondering how he could ever endure the journey home in the cramped carriage. He hardly ate anything, but drank everything he was offered, sherry, wine, and brandy, managing to gulp down four brandies in quick succession in the hope that it would deaden his pain. A na've man in many ways, he was unaware of any other effects that consuming so much alcohol would have on his body. 

The gentlemen were drinking more port and brandy with their cigars, but still no offer of relief, when they were interrupted by Millicent Blakley, wanting the party to leave for home before dark. Capt. Holt had been about to approach Jake Hamilton about retiring to somewhere private when she entered, and to his horror he was more or less forced into the carriage without being able to answer his most urgent call of nature. None of the other men in the party seemed to have any need of this at all, and he could not bring himself to be the odd one out. 

Sitting in the carriage caused his breeches to press against his swollen belly, increasing his agony and the intensity of his need for relief, so he was hardly able to avoid spurting into his underwear. Fighting with all his strength to contain himself, he could hardly contemplate how he was to survive the 2 hour journey, but he could not see how there was going to be any opportunity to ease himself until they reached Stretchley Manor. It had begun to rain, and the sound of falling water only increased his misery. Despite to amount of alcohol he had drunk, the pain in his belly seemed worse, and as the carriage jolted over the cobbled road he had to stifle groans of pain and desperation.

He was resting his hands against his swollen belly, hoping this would ease the pain, when, in response to a sudden, unbearably urgent need for relief, he had to clutch himself to control his body. Petrified that someone might have seen this action, he released his grip as soon as he dared, but the relief that it had brought him was so great that he longed to repeat the action. He moved his hands lower, into his lap. It was half dark in the carriage already, his legs were in shadow and it would be difficult for anyone to see clearly what his hands were doing. He had to risk holding himself, or he was not going to be able to last the journey without soaking his breeches. He gripped his manhood tightly with his right hand, and covered this with his left hand lying across it. Like this, he could contain himself, though it did nothing to ease the pain of his distended bladder.

The journey seemed to last for ever, as he struggled to act as normally as possible, joining to conversation, hoping this would make the time pass more quickly. His need for relief was increasing, as the alcohol he had drunk passed through him, and to avoid disgracing himself he was having to hold himself more and more tightly, gripping with all his might, praying that he would have enough strength to withstand the terrible pressure.

Only as they neared the end of the journey, his breeches still dry, though his underwear was wet from a mixture of uncontainable leaks when he had relaxed his grip for a second, and sweat from the effort he had to make to control himself, did he begin to consider the problem of how he could get from the carriage into Stretchley manor and then to the privy there without either soiling himself or disgracing himself socially.

He doubted if he could take 2 steps without spurting into his breeches unless he could continue to hold himself as tightly as he was now, but this would be absolutely impossible in mixed company. He could see no way round this problem, when his social standing in the county would be destroyed as he soaked his breeches, when Mr. Blakley suggested that as it was nearly dark, it would be more convenient to divert the carriage to pass Captain Holt's house, and he could collect his horse from Stretchley the next morning.

Quickly he agreed to this plan, even suggesting that they need not go right to his driveway, as he could easily walk from the end of his lane. His need to relief was now so great that, even gripping himself so tightly he feared he might damage his manhood, he was on the brink of losing control. Walking half a mile in the rain was nothing compared with the chance to ease himself even a second earlier, either behind the hedge, or if he lost control, in his breeches, once he was out of the carriage. 

Before the reached the end of his lane, his need was so intense that he was forced to grip himself with both hands, crushing his manhood with all his might, ignoring the pain as his body screamed for relief before his swollen belly split open. For maybe ten seconds, as he climbed out of the carriage and took his leave, he had to try to contain himself unaided as he stood in full view of the party. The pressure was unbearable, too great to contain unaided, but by some immense effort he was able to reduce the flow to a trickle that was absorbed by his underwear.

As soon as he turned and strode off down the lane, he was gripping himself again, but the pressure was too great to contain completely, and the wet patch in the front of his breeches continued to grow until he was far enough away to risk clamping himself shut with both hands. Fifty paces like this, and he thought he was going to die, his need for relief was so great. Not caring if he was observed, he forced his breeches down, dragged his manhood from his clinging, wet, underwear, and allowed his water to gush unrestrained at last. It seem that he was standing there for ten minute before his torrent finally died away and he could savour the relief he had craved for so long..

The carriage then continued to Stretchley manor where the rest of the party took tea and sandwiches while Florence was waiting eagerly for her carriage to arrive, because she was again in some considerable discomfort, and eagerly anticipating the privacy of her own home, and the relief that awaited her. Among the Blakley family, only Charlotte was in any need of relief, and she was prepared to ignore this until she had to change for dinner, as her mother expected both her daughters to be able to ignore any demands of nature for the whole day. 

Contrary to Captain Holt's hopes in the church, the thought of relief had hardly crossed William's mind. He was perfectly comfortable, and was prepared to contain his needs until dinner. The bank where he worked did not allow its employees to ease themselves during working time, and he had been forced to learn to control his needs if he was to have any hope of promotion. Mr Blakley had been a director of that bank, and an instigator of the policy, as he was blessed with enormous capacity, normally only needing to ease himself once a day, and saw no reason why others should not do the same.

The Blakley ladies were similarly carefree, all being blessed with the ability to ignore the call of nature for long periods if circumstances demanded, and blissfully unaware that any of their party might not have the same endurance. Millicent's arrangements had not included any opportunity for relieving nature, not because of any malicious intent, but because she could not conceive that any adult might have any need to do so during so short an outing.

Neil and Rosemary.

We make no apologies for another story from the early 19th Century, as the restrictive social conventions of that period seem to offer many delicious opportunities for extreme desperation and involuntary wetting. (particularly cute young men in tight breeches, R.) This is a true joint effort, with no leather thongs or other imaginative artificial restraints, just the characters' own strength and ingenuity. Our researches lead us to believe that the men wore long john type underwear, cotton or wool according to the season, under their tight breeches, while women wore only wool stockings or long socks, and numerous underskirts or petticoats. Drawers, or knickers, were though to resemble men's underwear, and were therefore immoral, as was any garment that went between a woman's legs. Bloomers came in the late 19th C, when ladies started to ride bicycles. As there were no more public 'facilities' then, they must have suffered more severely than earlier. Maybe the next competition...... 

