Title: Maureen

By: Michelle

Maureen breathed in the crisp air of a glorious late September morning, and felt a delicious frisson of excitement. First day at University, a whole new world opening up in front of her. She had been to all the 'Fresher's Week' events, of course, and had managed a fun time without damage to her reputation. OK, at a couple of parties she had met someone, and things had gone a little far, but at least she'd been discrete. Not like some of the girls, who seemed to take every opportunity to fling themselves from man to man. Like her new flatmate Fiona, for example.

Of course, Maureen knew from bitter experience that it didn't pay to be too, well... overt. On her last holiday, an 18-30 Club affair, too much sangria, the general laxity of the atmosphere, and her own inability to keep her knickers on had resulted in behaviour of which she still felt ashamed - and in none of the other girls speaking to her and all the guys sniggering about her. She'd just turned 18, of course, fresh out of single gender private boarding school, newly on the pill, and reacting like a child let
loose in a sweet shop. Hopefully, she had now learned some sense.

Hopefully, she reminded herself, she'd also learned control. Mo the bedwetter they'd called her at school, and she'd gone along with the weak bladder theory. What they did not realize was that her 'accidents' were sexual, happening when her clever little fingers found her pleasure button as she half awoke in the early morning hours. She had humiliated herself on holiday too. This time it couldn't have been more public, after an afternoon's sex and an evening on the vino there had been one of those 18-30 parties with games, designed mainly to encourage the girls to get their kit off. Down to panties (and trying to remember where she'd lost her bra), on stage, aroused, giggling drunk - the next thing she knew she was standing in a puddle of her own making. No, never again. She was a grown woman now, on the voters' roll, and the mistress of her bladder.

A whistle. As a feminist she was meant to be offended, but all that happened was her hips swung some more. She passed a crowd of guys and heads turned. Not that she was dressed as a tart, quite the contrary. Her loose summer skirt was short, admittedly, and her top skimpy, but she was wearing a full, flouncy, frilly underskirt, solid white tights, high heels and pretty, lacy white cotton panties. Unlike the other girls in their skin-tight clinging jeans, she looked fluffy and frilly and feminine. Not politically correct, she supposed, but very effective, particularly with her long dark hair huge, deep brown eyes and curvy little figure.

'It doesn't open until 9.30,' said a voice. Maureen looked up.

'Pardon?' she said.

'The Reading Room. Doesn't open for another twenty minutes.' She shook her head, then realised what he was on about. The pretty little lane she'd wandered up was the path to the main study center, where the clever, keen students went. Oh well, begin as you mean to go on.

'What a pity,' she said, 'I was hoping to get some work done before my next lecture.'

'Er, would you like a coffee while you're waiting?' She looked him over, tall, but not too tall, slim, fit, not handsome, but not spotty either. Yes, he'd do nicely.

'Yes please.'

It seemed his name was Norman, and he was just starting the third year of a dentistry course, which would make him a couple of years older than she was, and academically bright. Good talker. She was finding out more about University life in their few minutes chat than she had in all of the previous week. He was funny too. She giggled, realised she was showing too much leg and he could see right up her skirt, and did precisely nothing about it. Also, it seemed, he had just broken with his girlfriend. How very interesting...

'Reading Room should be open now,' he said.

'Mmmmmm. Walk me to it Norman. Don't have to take the direct route. Find a pretty way.'

She took his arm. Of course he would ask her out. Of course she would agree, but not too, too eagerly. Fine. Now look into his eyes, purse the lips slightly, tiny nod of the head. God, but men were slow taking the hint!

A long, gentle kiss. She kissed him back. 'Naughty, how do you know I allow that on the first date?'

'It's not our first date.' The second kiss was harder, she pulled herself into him, her firm nipples pushing against his chest. They found a secluded bench. Of course a lady didn't kiss open mouthed on half an hour's acquaintance. So, when did she claim to be a lady? Ladies, for a start, remembered to put something on under their skimpy, lacy tops, whereas she...

'Mmmmm, nice,' she purred, as he discovered her omission. 'hands outside the top please.' He did as he was told, and she was unsure if she was pleased or not. A small, cool part of Maureen's brain was shocked at her own behaviour. Here she was, in broad daylight, necking, no, actually petting with a boy she'd met only thirty minutes before. Allowing him to squeeze her nipples, not protesting about the hand on her knee, on her thigh... Not even the Benidorm sun and Spanish wine had thawed her to that extent, and here she was, stone cold sober...

A deep, hard, long kiss interrupted her thoughts, and she realised she'd gone too far, was totally out of control. This could end in one way only. But not here! The bench was almost in public view. There was a high wall just to the left, old fashioned university type wall, with buttresses, offering some sort of concealment. She led him there by the hand. So much for playing hard to get! They kissed, standing. She ground against him, feeling her excitement build. Never had she been so aroused. She was about to cum in her panties. About to...

A warm, wet spurt. That wasn't orgasm, although it made her gasp and squeal. She'd gone in her underwear! Not badly, just one squirt. Desperately she controlled herself. No puddle, but she'd be wet. He hadn't realised it yet, but at the rate his hands were moving up her legs...

She pushed him away, smoothed down her hem.

'That's enough for now Norman. Got a lecture. See you this evening.' Trying not to giggle at the astonished look on his face, at the bulge in his pants you could bend horseshoes on, she turned and wiggled away, her high heels tapping a staccato on the path. Walk calmly Maureen. Assess the damage. Panties and tights are wet, but skirt and underskirt probably OK. Public johns over there. In the cubicle she pulled off panties and tights, rolled them into a wet ball and hid them behind the pan. With any luck
they'd be there later when she returned with a plastic bag. Her other clothes were OK, minor staining on the underskirt was all. She tidied herself up and went to her first lecture.

Three classes and a practical session, one after the other. Of course she was very careful of her hemline, when she remembered. But care with her hemline wasn't one of Maureen's skills. She was sure word was getting round about the naked butt under her little skirt. Never again, she resolved, would she come out without spare panties in her purse. Lunchtime at last. The day had turned windy, and she walked back to her flat with considerable care.

It was a very handy location, five minutes from campus. Fiona had told her the landlord didn't like parties, and she had said, OK, they wouldn't invite him. Her other flatmate Gregg was a serious, bespectacled youth with a steady girlfriend conveniently at home a hundred miles away. This made him safe, neither Fiona nor Maureen fancying him as a steady, but quite eminently seducible. Neither of the girls had yet succeeded, but both agreed it was only a matter of time.

'Hi Fiona,' said Maureen cheerfully. Her flatmate was a spectacular redhead, the type of sultry, sexy woman whom you could never imagine as an innocent child, but somehow assumed sprang from the womb full formed as a temptress. Nor were looks deceptive. No shy virgin herself, Maureen could only look on in open mouthed admiration at the ease with which her flatmate picked up partner after partner, the almost continuous procession of husky young men from front door to bedroom.

'Hi Mo,' said Fiona. 'Er, honey, forgetting your bra's one thing, but panties...'

'Is it that obvious?'

'In that length of skirt? Are you kidding?'

'I met a real nice guy this morning.'

'Sweetie, I bet you did!'



Having a steady boyfriend, Maureen decided, had considerable advantages. Regular sex, yes, but she could probably manage that anyway. Mainly, she could flirt safely and dress as sexily as she liked without being seen as predatory, or a tart. Also couples got invited to more places, though Fiona did seem to get about by sleeping around. Not that Maureen had fitted too easily into the girlfriend mould. The expectation that she would keep her dimpled knees together when Norman wasn't around had struck her at first as alien and unreasonable. She believed she had learned discretion now, although a girl does need a little variety occasionally. Gregg's scalp, for example, was on her belt, a conquest she inevitably shared with Fiona. They both agreed he had remarkable stamina for such a weedy looking guy.

Also, she really had been forced to control her bladder. Only so much soiling of the sheets could reasonably be blamed on intense orgasm, and panties could be removed warm and damp, but most definitely not dripping!

This evening, however, she was having problems. For a start, she was on the stoned side of merry, a party where some home made cider had proved even more explosive than normal and the punchbowl mixed with a very heavy hand. The music was loud, her clothes were tight and skimpy, she had been flirting outrageously, enjoying herself thoroughly, and giving little thought to the queue at the john. Now she was regretting it.

'Norman,' she whispered, 'can we go home?'

'What?' He was astonished. The idea of Maureen, the ultimate party animal, leaving early was totally alien.

'Queue a mile long and I need to go. My flat's only fifteen minutes away.' She began to squirm, emphasizing her message.

'By car. Sorry love, we planned to stay the nite and I'm over the alcohol limit. OK, OK, I'll call a cab.'

Sobbing, gritting her teeth, wriggling in discomfort, Maureen stood on the sidewalk waiting. Such was her distress that she didn't at first notice the effect this was having on Norman. Aroused? He was panting with desire! Certainly the sight of her firm ass writhing in skin tight blue denim cut-offs would get any man excited, but he was used to the way she dressed. She'd never seen him so hot! Normally, this would turn her on too, but she had other things on her mind! She ground her teeth, held her thighs together, pressed her hand to her groin. Was there a public facility nearer than her flat? Probably not, the bars and restaurants were closed, and she wasn't about to ask the cab driver. Ladies restroom and make it snappy. No, definitely not.

Arrived outside her place. Still dry, or at least just leaking a little, she stood crouched over on the sidewalk, not daring to move her legs. One little trickle down her fishnet pantyhose, another, another, a flood. Sobbing, she stood on the sidewalk, helplessly watching the puddle spread.

Then Norman placed a hand on her groin! She looked in his eyes and saw naked lust. He wasn't disgusted, he was turned on. Turned on like she'd never seen a man turned on before, and she'd seen a few. Desperation gone, she stopped the flow and grinned at him.

'More where that came from,' she said happily. He grunted.

'Hey, not here. Upstairs'

'Thru the door, trying not to drip on the carpet. Into the john. He all but rips off her shorts and pantyhose, revealing the briefest of white lace g-strings, stained yellow with her pee. She steps into the bath, opens her legs, and his head is between them , nuzzling, his teasing tongue exploring her tender parts. She giggles, waits until climax is imminent, then pees, her golden stream gushing thru her soaked panties, anointing his hair, his face, his mouth, soaking his shirt. Still helpless with excitement, alcohol and giggles she collapses into the bath, rolling in the puddle of warm urine, saturating every stitch she has on.

He drops his pants, and she lifts her face gratefully towards his green/gold stream, purring as the hot liquid pours over her chin, down between her boobs, adding to the steaming pool in which she is luxuriating. She kneels, his stream stops, and she licks first his glans, then up and down his shaft before relaxing her throat and receiving his first urgent thrust. Full deep throat fellatio, short but intense. He's on the verge. Her finger find her eager clit. She cums. He cums, his semen pouring into her. She empties her bladder totally in orgasmic spurts. Swallows. He gently withdraws.

'Open that bloody door,' the voice was frantic. 'Please open the door.'

'Just a minute Fiona.' Maureen put on the shower, searched for a towel. Norman pulled on his pants.

'Don't have a bloody minute. Open that door!'

No way of hiding what they'd been doing. Splashes of urine, soiled clothing everywhere. Fiona hammering outside. Maureen opened the door...

And saw it was too late. Fiona's jeans glistened at the crotch, wet stains appearing between the legs as she ran to the pan, divesting herself of pants and panties with not a thought for Norman's interested gaze, emptying her bladder with a contented sigh.
She looked up and grinned.

'Remind me never to touch cider again. You two seem to be having fun,'

'Norman would never agree,' Maureen protested.

'He was red hot for me. Right after you'd given him head. Impressive.'

'Something to do with you pulling your pants down in front of him, perhaps?'

'A lot more to do with my peeing in them. He's turned on by wetting. I got a friend, Jim, exactly the same turn on. A foursome would be fun.'

'You mean an orgy. Telling Norman I'd be doing it with this Jim guy. Is he nice, by the way?'

'Very. Don't you think Norman knows what you're like?'

'Hey, are you criticizing my morals?'

'Me of all people? Mo, darling, I don't pretend to be anything other than I am. Guys know what they're getting and it's not fidelity. You, on the other hand, play the little girlfriend. Honey, don't you know your reputation?'

'I'm sure I'm about to find out.'

'Sexy little bimbo. Too dumb to say no.'

'Bimbo? Who, exactly, was top of the year...'

'Oh, you're good at languages, none better, but you haven't an ounce of sense. You've said so yourself.'

'You mean Norman knows...'

'That you cheat on him every time he takes his eyes off you. Of course he does. You're the prettiest girl on campus, wonderful in bed, so everyone assures me, and you got a real sweet nature. So he pretends it's not happening.'

'I see. OK, I'll suggest it. Saturday nite?'

Maureen unpeeled herself from her latest partner and thanked him demurely for the dance, just as if she hadn't been spending the last two minutes thrusting her crotch into him and sticking her tongue down his throat. One of her minders would be there to rescue her, Jim this time. None too gently he led her back to her table. Norman, looking annoyed, and even Fiona looking slightly concerned. Maureen didn't care.

For the first time for months she was on a date where she knew she was going to misbehave and cheat on her boyfriend, rather too much alcohol had inflamed her already rampant excitement, and she didn't care what sort of exhibition she was making of herself. There was no doubt she was putting herself about, letting just about anyone do anything to her, relying on Norman and Jim to get her out of trouble. She knew she was entirely the center of attention, the prettiest, most extrovert girl in the room in her skin tight white pants and tiny see thru top. Being naughty was nice.

'Hey,' said Norman, 'where are you going?'

'Ladies.'

'Not by yourself you're not. I'm not trusting you out of my sight.' He took her arm. She pouted. OK, maybe she had been about to be naughty in the corridor leading to the restrooms, but not too naughty. She couldn't be. Her pants were so tight she'd sewn herself into them, and whipping them down for some guy or other wasn't on...

Oops, she hadn't thought of that! Slipping them down for a pee was a problem too. Suddenly she felt very excited. She was about to be a bad girl. Norman? Serve him right for being so bossy!

'Kiss me Norman,' she purred, pulling him into a corner. He obliged eagerly. Maureen's flirting had not only annoyed him but also made him hot. Their tongues met in a long, lingering kiss, every part of her body that could be in contact with him was. She
writhed against him, felt the warm pressure, building, building.

Norman sensed the gushing wetness on his leg and pushed her away. Too late. Heads turned, everyone in range watched enthralled, shocked, as the stain spread on her cute ass and groin, the wet wicking down the inside of her legs and up almost to her low waistband as her thin pants and even thinner panties went transparent.

'Oh my God,' she whispered so the entire room strained to hear. 'You made me wet myself!'

Embarrassed and aroused in equal measure, Norman led her back to his seat. He was for the moment speechless, but she was sure he'd have something to say. To her surprise Fiona drew her to one side for some girl talk.

'No accident that, hon, and you ain't as drunk as you're acting.'

'Turned me on.'

'Did it? Never gone in public like that myself. Why, everyone was watching!'

'Exactly.'

'Hmmm.' She turned to the boys. 'Norman, we haven't danced for ages.' A surprised Norman was dragged on to the floor. Jim came over and sat beside Maureen.

'Are you OK Mo? Norman didn't seem too sympathetic about your accident.' He spoke politely, still a little unsure about how to address a girl he hardly knew, but to whom he'd be making love later. Maureen had no such problems and snuggled into his
shoulder.

'Slide a hand into my top, big boy. Mmmm, that's better. I'm fine, and it wasn't an accident.'

'You peed in public, all over your pants and Norman's?'

'Norman's pants are in for a rough time.' She indicated the couple on the floor. Fiona was clinging to Norman, both hands round his neck, her inadequate little sheath dress riding up at the back to show tiny white panties, obvious on the dim light. Suddenly a strong urine stream broke thru, running down Fiona's fishnet clad legs, soaking the dry leg of Norman's pants. Maureen slid a hand under the table for investigation. Jim was most definitely aroused!

'Right,' said Norman, time to go home.'

'I'm enjoying myself,' Maureen protested.

'Wanna see if I get more dances with a wet ass than I did with a dry one,' said Fiona.

'Home,' said Norman. 'We're leaving before the management discover who made the puddles on the floor and throw us out.

'But...'

'You've both been very naughty girls,' said Jim quietly. 'You need to be spanked.'

'Oooh yes!' chorused Fiona and Maureen.



The flat had been prepared with care, sheets of plastic covering everything, towels strategically placed. The girls wiggled in in front of their escorts, stopped, looked at each other. They'd both intended peeing thru their soaked clothing just as soon as they got inside, but nothing was happening,

'Fiona,' said Norman, 'You're a bad girl. Bend over.'

Fiona bent over the arm of the couch, her round, firm pee-stained bum revealed rather than hidden by her wet, filmy little panties. Norman was gentle but firm, each smack drawing a scream of ecstasy from her. Then she opened the floodgates, pee going everywhere as he pulled off his pants, ripped her tights and took her thru the leg of her sodden panties, ramming in to her still peeing pussy. Maureen and Jim were on the floor, skidding on plastic and puddles of pee, tearing frantically at each other's clothing. His tongue was inside her, teasing her clit, and she came, the pee jetting from her on orgasm, anointing her face.

Then he was inside her, no fancy tricks now, missionary position as the coupled ferociously, no quarter asked or given. She climaxed, raking his back with her fingernails, and a scream told her Fiona had done the same. The two girls lay trembling, drained, in puddles of their own making, excess semen from their couplings floating on the green gold liquid.

Then the guys peed on them. They squealed, lifted their faces to the warm flow, then Jim and Fiona coupled, she on her knees, taking him deep in her throat, while Maureen and Norman explored the number sixty nine. Finally all four of them lay enervated, exhausted, quite unable to move.

And the door opened.

'Hello Gregg,' said Fiona, 'didn't think you'd be back until tomorrow.'

'Er,' said the third flatmate. 'Um... I... er... gulp...'

'Hey Gregg,' said Maureen, 'wanna fuck?'

Too exhausted to protest, Jim and Norman watched as a fresh stallion ploughed each of the fillies in turn. To their surprise they both felt distinct stirrings. It seemed the nite wasn't over yet.



Maureen woke. The pain in her head wasn't too bad, but she wished for a rather smaller tongue. The feeling between her legs combined a slight soreness from overuse with a tingle of recent orgasm. Not too bad. There was still the indent of a body on the other side of the bed, and she wondered whom she had spent the night with. She never did have much of a head for drink, and the latter part of the previous evening, especially after someone had opened the wine, was rather a blur. She shook her head and
looked down. Someone had fashioned a makeshift diaper from a bathtowel, and it was held on with a heavy plastic bag, holes cut out for her legs. Not only that - it was wet! She wet some more, her clever little fingers finding her tender parts. Now, why hadn't she thought of that idea at boarding school?

