Note: This story contains Male/Female Desperation and Male/Female Wetting. 
It had been a really lovely day. We'd been camping for almost a week and Des and I were so close it was perfect! We shared everything, told each other everything – a magical relationship, in fact.
We'd been together for about two years, and once – and only once – I'd told him how I felt about getting desperate to pee. He'd taken it well; excited even – but I'll tell that story another time!
There had been a couple of times on this camping trip when one or the other of us had been pretty desperate but we'd always managed to reach a bathroom before disaster struck and on this particular night I was hot and ready for something to happen.
We'd been to a bar for a few drinks – I'm teetotaler so had been drinking a lot of Coke after a hot day. Des had had beer, which always makes it's presence felt in his bladder quickly, so as we were getting ready to leave the bar he said, with some urgency, that he must go and pee before we set off back to the camper. I frantically thought of ways to hold him up. I was already sitting with my legs tightly crossed, leaning forward in my seat to press my pee–hole against the wood of the bench and was getting a little excited... He took the used glasses back to the bar, and to my surprise, picked up his jacket and moved to the door! He'd forgotten to pee!!!!
As I stood up from the bench, I realized just how badly I needed to go, never mind Des. A shiver went down my back as I clenched my muscles to get a hold of my need, but it was ok, I wasn't about to pee my pants. However, as we walked out into the now cool evening air, I felt a stinging in my pussy that was ominous. I dropped back behind Des a little and pushed my fist into my crotch. That helped me to gain control. I didn't want Des to see that I needed to pee, in case it reminded him of his own need – we were still near enough for him to go back and use the facilities in the bar.
Once we we'd walked too far to go back, I said, "Des, I really need to pee!" I wanted to see what his reaction would be. He looked worried and said, "So do I! Why did I forget to go before we came out?" I squeezed his hand and said, never mind, we'd be back at the campsite soon and we could both go. I was enjoying the sensation of having to hold onto my own pee and knowing he was pretty desperate too made that even more intense. It was dark, so I could occasionally sneak my hand into my crotch to press on my peehole without anyone noticing.
Suddenly Des said, "I REALLY have to go! Look for somewhere I can unzip!" I told him he couldn't possibly do that here – we were approaching the campsite and there were up–market caravans around and worse still, the camp owner's bungalow. As I was concentrating on his need I forgot my own troubles for a moment and was shocked when a small spurt of pee shot into my knickers. It was only a drop but I shoved my hand hard into the seam of my jeans and held on tight. I said nothing to Des and we struggled on, not really talking, each trying to concentrate on holding back the flood. I was doing ok till an owl (of all things!) hooted, somewhere right near us. I jumped out of my skin and a bigger spurt of hot pee went into my panties, I felt it spread out along my jeans and when I pushed against my crotch my hand came away damp. I said in a panicky way, "I've peed in my pants!" Des reached out to feel. "You bad girl," he said with a sly smile and then his face fell as he grabbed at the front of his trousers and said, "Hell, I'm going to pee mine if we don't get back soon!" I looked down at his front and saw a tiny wet spot there.
We were both walking in a tensed–up way by now and I kept pushing against my jeans to try to stop the bursting feeling. I was sweating and shaking and when Des grasped impulsively again at his cock through his trousers, a slightly bigger patch appearing, I had a strong pulsating between my legs and several strong spurts shot out of my peehole. "I'm really going to pee myself" I cried – I'd NEVER done this before outside of my home, not since I was potty trained as a child! Des said, "Well, I'm not going to pee in MY pants, and I've GOT to pee right now, and he just unzipped his fly, got out his dick and just pissed and pissed regardless of whether anyone could see or not! This was absolutely too much for me. As I watched him getting that blessed relief I just let go! The first spurt was so hard that it shot thru the material of my jeans onto the ground in front of us – pee from the pair of us was pooling on the ground and we watched it. My own seemed to go on forever, my jeans were soaked, front and back, and of course all down the legs.
Then Des came nearer, he unzipped my jeans, put his dick inside and peed the last of his golden liquid into my pants. As he pulled my jeans apart at the zip the hard material of the seam pressed against my clitoris and I start to orgasm. I reached down and took hold of his rapidly hardening cock and said, "Put your hands into my panties, quick!" Needless to say he did and I came immediately, so hard my legs almost gave way.
We walked back to our camper, cleaned up and had the most sensual night of our lives!
I "can't wait" to go back again this summer!
Selena