Title: Millennium Awakening

By: Frodo

The output from three massive TVA dams fed into the Starbuck Substation, to be distributed through the complex power grid to much of southeastern United States. Starbuck was entirely automated, and generally there would be only a handful of employees present at any time. But tonight was December 31, 1999, and thousands of anxious residents and corporations had deluged the administrative headquarters in recent weeks with phone calls expressing their concern about the predicted power failures.

Teams of computer nerds had examined millions of lines of code, correcting all date references. The system was fail-safe. But to placate the public, the TVA executives had decreed that sufficient staff would be on duty that night to manually override any breakdown of the automated equipment. Assembled in the remote and cramped office area were several computer experts, a cadre of engineers, and an army of burly workers with the strength to physically reset the huge breakers and switches if they should malfunction.

Each of these groups kept to themselves, feeling that they had little in common with the others. Notably absent from this assemblage were executives of the Tennessee Valley Authority. They could not be blamed if they weren't there. Their absence promoted a feeling of resentment in the employees required to work on that New Year's Eve. Angry with their situation and confident that nothing could go wrong, many of them had smuggled vast quantities of beer, wine and liquor into the facility, and well before midnight much of it had been consumed.

In one corner sat the computer experts: young, pale, unmarried and normally solitary, they were suddenly among others of their kind, and they liked it. They sipped their wine and enthusiastically discussed code. Nearby were the engineers: an older, married group with suburban homes and 2.1 children, they were enjoying a night away from their families. They had brought mostly hard liquor and mixers. Occupying the largest part of the office were the linemen and laborers: young, husky and raucous, they had chipped in to buy a keg of Budweiser along with several six-packs of more exotic imports, and all of them were intent on drinking their share.

Among twenty-odd men, there would be a statistical probability that one or two would be gay. This group included at least that many that were "out", and, as the evening staggered on, there were others with secret fantasies longing to be realized. By eleven o'clock nearly everyone was so drunk that a quick grope followed by an apology could pass unnoticed.

Greg was a principal target. A lineman well over six feet, muscles straining his T-shirt and an impressive bulge in his jeans, he was so drunk that he just smiled each time that a hand lingered at his crotch or caressed his powerful shoulders. He also was known for his enormous bladder capacity, seldom taking relief during an eight-hour day despite frequent coffee breaks. He had consumed a number of beers tonight, but had not yet used the facilities.

By 11:00 PM, the two tiny rest rooms were experiencing a lot of activity. The entire group being male, they used both the men's and the ladies', and still there had been lines of fidgeting beer drinkers at both. But as the crucial hour approached, everyone postponed this need and assembled in the main office, counting down the minutes and seconds to the new millennium.

And promptly at midnight, as cheers echoed from the cinderblock walls, a tiny click engaged the time locks on all the doors. The security system had been overlooked because of all the worry about power delivery, and now it would exact its revenge for being ignored. The celebratory din concealed the sound, but a moment or two later, Greg stumbled to the corridor access, intending to take his first pee of the evening. He turned the knob, but it wouldn't budge. Exerting all of his great strength, Greg pressed hard enough to burst through any ordinary door. But security had been paramount in the construction of this windowless building, and the heavy steel door and jamb repelled his efforts. They were trapped! An attempt to use the telephone demonstrated that a second system had also been overlooked in the Y2K remedial program. The efficient, automated phone system was dead.

The wine-sipping nerds immediately began to discuss ways of circumventing the computer programming but were otherwise unconcerned. The engineers, having imbibed a relatively small volume of liquid in their mixed drinks, were generally not in need of immediate relief. At once, they talked of attacking the mechanical systems that held them captive.

But among the linemen and laborers there was a feeling of panic. Every one of them had been slugging down 16-ounce cups and 12-ounce cans of amber fluid as if it would vanish from the earth at midnight. To maintain their image among these super-macho men, they each had been holding their bloated bladders to the last possible second before admitting a need for relief. At this very moment, several of them were approaching desperation.

At least the power remained steady and the lights were on. They had done that job well. But already several of the men who probably should have availed themselves of the toilets before midnight were now fidgeting and poking vaguely at their crotches. In another setting, taking a quick whizz in a corner might have been considered. However, this was an expensive, carpeted office, and no one wanted the responsibility - and the cost - of ruining it.

Greg had been thinking of a trip to the men's room for some time. He had lost count of the number of beers he had consumed, and he had felt the need to pee for quite a while. He had been holding in a massive load of beer, and his sphincter muscles were tiring from the effort. Each time he had taken a step toward the hallway door, someone else would speak to him, and he would have to gauge his relative urgency against his natural courtesy. Each time he had decided he could wait just a few minutes more. But now he had to pee more urgently than he could ever remember.

Conversation died among the rough workmen as each considered the possibility that he would be the first to disgrace himself. Some wiggled and squeezed, trying to postpone the inevitable. As each moment passed, the pressure grew within the beer-drinkers, and they concentrated more and more on trying to restrain it. Several men tried to batter down the door with their massive shoulders, but it remained intact. When one man showed a sudden darkening streak down the leg of his jeans, a brief murmur of derision ended quickly. In the next few minutes, many of them were openly clutching their crotches and more than one lost the battle, streams of glistening wet running down their jeans. And then, Greg's voice thundered out. "I gotta take a wicked piss!"

He stepped up to the lone wastebasket in view. Without hesitation, he unzipped his fly and extracted an impressive cock, instantly gushing endlessly, the roar echoing from the large metal container in the confined space. Everyone watched in silent awe, suddenly feeling an overpowering urgency to follow suit. More wet stains spread down faded denim through clutching fingers of the faint-hearted while others, in groups of two and three, boldly stepped up to the wastebasket to join Greg. At first, many stared at the display of cocks, some in a state of contraction from embarrassment, some thick and swollen from squeezing and excitement. As more and more of the men relieved themselves, the container began to fill. Fortunately, the supplier of elegant office furniture had provided a solid, leakproof wastebasket of large capacity. Except for the places where some of the employees who had wet themselves had been standing, the carpet remained spotless.

Booze had smothered any sense of reserve. Even the nerds and engineers who didn't really have to go were caught up in a warm ripple of Male Bonding and stepped up to the basket to contribute at least a squirt or two. Displaying a need to pee and exposing their genitalia to everyone reduced all of them to the same level. And it stimulated a certain excitement to their alcohol-laden minds.

None of them were accustomed to peeing so publicly. Programmers and engineers always relieved themselves in single-fixture men's rooms and bathrooms. Laborers and linemen, even in less-private quarters, would never admit to sneaking a peek at their neighbors. Now they were flaunting their equipment to everyone. Nearly all became at least semi-hard, excited by the daring of the situation, and their tools continued to throb after they had tucked them away. Many of the nerds' chinos, the engineers' dress pants and the laborers' jeans displayed a revealing, persistant frontal bulge. Hands caressed these mounds, and not always their own. With inhibitions erased by alcohol and modesty banished by their public exposure, the men felt a sexual tension that begged to be released.

Within minutes, pairs of men were finding corners to relieve this new need. Although not everyone participated, there was a rush to the box of Kleenex to catch the outcome of their brief wave of passion.

It was not long before sleep overwhelmed them all. When morning came, they struggled to consciousness, and at eight o'clock the time locks clicked. In small groups, nerds, engineers and workmen slowly moved into the daylight arm in arm, heading for their cars and home. The twenty-first century had dawned, and these men had found a new awakening.

