Sandy Beach
	(46-50 year old man)
Posted by wabbott11 on July 17th, 2010 at 11:02AM

I don’t even remember what I said that was so funny. The three of us had been talking all evening, laughing over everything and nothing, but this time, Sandy pounded the glass-topped table and grimaced with the effort of trying to keep a straight face. “Oh God!” she said, “Oh God! Don’t make me laugh! I’m gonna pee in my pants!” Under the table, her bare legs were crossed, and now she wriggled and bent forward. Was she really having to work that hard at holding it in? We’d been sitting here for a couple of hours or more, drinking pitchers of ESB. I’d gotten up to pee twice since we arrived, but I don’t think either of the women had gone at all.

“Oh God, me too.” This was my wife, Anne. She wasn’t squirming the way Sandy was, but she went on to say, “Let’s go find the bathrooms. They’re probably waiting for us to leave so they can close, anyway.”

It was probably close to midnight. We’d eaten out on the upstairs deck because it was such a warm night, and then lingered for hours afterward, drinking beer and catching up on each other’s lives. Kassandra was a friend of Anne’s from college, and though I’d only met her a few times, was becoming a good friend of mine, too. Anne once described her to me as almost a female version of me—shy and reserved around strangers, but once you get to know her the conversations can go on night.

She was petit, barely five-foot-two and drop-dead gorgeous. Not that I was going to do anything other than look, and Anne didn’t mind my looking. In fact, she’s always taken a certain mischievous delight in watching the way I watch women. That night I’d been gazing at her, trying very hard not to be obvious about it as she jiggled and bounced under a white cotton blouse that had been sent through the dryer a few too many times. Of course, Anne also knows how I feel about women who have to pee, and as Sandy bounced in her seat now, Anne caught my eye and smiled with just the slightest raise of the eyebrows.

We were the last customers out on the deck. As we gathered our things to leave, I took one final swallow of ESB from my cup and then filled it with our crumpled napkins. Anne stood and threw her handbag over her shoulder. Sandy’s cup was still half full, and as she stood, she raised a finger to signal us to wait and then tipped it back, draining it in one go. She stood with her legs pressed very close together, flexing her knees and bobbing up and down a bit as she swallowed and swallowed again and then again. When she’d finished, when she’d thumped the empty cup down on the table, she bent forward at the waist to press both her hands between her thighs. Her blouse fell forward as she leaned towards me, just enough to give me an all-encompassing view of her breasts. My breath actually caught in my throat at the sight.

I was hard. Between the two of them both having to pee and that wonderful glimpse of Sandi’s nipples, I was hard as a two-by-four. I tried to position myself behind my chair, hoping that the chair back would hide what suddenly must have been very prominent.

Sandy either didn’t notice or just had more urgent things on her mind. “Let’s go!” she said. “I really am gonna pee in my pants if I don’t get to that bathroom quick.” She scampered across the balcony now with Anne hurrying behind her to the sliding glass doors that led back into the restaurant. I shoved my hands in my pockets to adjust things inside, making myself a little less obvious and a little more comfortable.

I watched them both as they ran—Anne in a long, flowing skirt with bangles around the hem and Sandy in very short cutoffs that were snug over her ass and deeply frayed and worn. Sandi got to the door first, but when she tugged on the handle, it didn’t open. She gave a desperate little laugh and banged on the glass with the palm of her hand. “Hello?” she called out. “Hello? Come on, I have to pee!” But inside, the lights in the dining room were dark, and if there were still anyone further back, in the lobby or the kitchen, they took no notice. Sandy crossed her legs and bounced at the knees again, and as I came up behind the two of them, they turned to me. Sandy’s eyes were wide with real worry. “I really have to go,” she said. “I’m not kidding. My bladder’s about to explode.”

Anne touched her shoulder. “Poor Sandy…” My wife’s concern for her was completely genuine, but Anne knew what Sandy’s plight was going to do to me, and my plight was going to give Anne some wicked delight. I felt bad for Sandy, too, and if there’d been anything I could have done to help her, I would have. But my erection was so hard it almost hurt, and my whole body was filled with bubbly, tingly arousal, from my heart to my solar plexus and all the way down to my toes. My mouth was dry. It was even a little hard to breathe.

Sandy looked like she was scanning the deck looking to pee right there—the potted plant out by the railing?—but although the deck was deserted, it was brightly lit and in full view of windows across the street (and, of course, those sliding glass doors if there were still anybody in restaurant).

“Home?” I said, making the obvious suggestion. Our “home” that night was only about a fifteen-minute walk from the restaurant to a beach cottage that Anne and I had taken as a weekly rental.

Sandy grimaced. “I don’t know if I can make it.” But then she was off, running down the outside stairs from the balcony to the sidewalk.

I took the steps three at a time and caught up to find her biting her lip and shifting her weight from one foot to the other. She was gazing longingly down the narrow alleyway alongside the restaurant. It looked like the perfect place to duck out of sight and take a piss—mostly in shadow, and with trash cans to hide behind—except that it was gated and padlocked from the street.

Anne was at my side then, and as soon as we’d caught up with her, Sandy was off again, literally skipping down the sidewalk in the moonlight. I let out a long slow breath watching her. My eyes fixed on that crescent fold along the bottom of her tush, just visible under the frayed hem of those short, short cutoffs. Anne took my hand and squeezed, and we began to walk briskly to follow.

A block and a half towards the water and we came to a crosswalk for the town’s main street. The light was green for cars, red for pedestrians, with just enough traffic rolling by to keep us from jaywalking. Sandy’s crossed her legs again as she punched the walk button and then she stood, writhing a little…waiting…twisting her body first this way and then that way. “Come on, come on, come onnnnnn!” she moaned. She started to breathe in puffs. Clearly, holding on was becoming a superhuman effort for her. She began to pace, three steps this way, three steps that. Her teeth were clenched, her eyes pained.

Then she crouched down, using the heel of her sneaker to press back her pee. Her breath hissed between clenched teeth, and then she began keening quietly. She was right next to me, and looking down at her I got another eyeful of cleavage, not quite to the nipples this time, but almost the whole of one sweet, round breast. Anne slid her arm around my waist. She didn’t need to say a word. A sidelong glance and a wicked smile were enough to communicate, This is driving you crazy, isn’t it? I turned towards her and away from Sandy long enough to adjust my hard-on again. I couldn’t point it straight up at my belly button—my belt was too tight—but adjusted to about eleven o’clock, there was just enough room that I could walk without it hurting.

“I really need to pee, too,” she said. “I mean…I’ll be OK til we get home, but I’m glad it’s not any further that it is.” She sifted her weight from one foot to the other and gave my hand another squeeze.

The light turned, and as soon as the cars had stopped, Sandy jumped up and was not-quite-running across the street. One more short block took us to the next main road, parallel to the water and chock-a-block with precious little gift shops and artisans galleries. There were no cars here, but still a lot of pedestrians even at this hour. All the shops—any likely place that might have had a bathroom—were closed until morning, and although there were alleys and doorways and patios with little fences, none of them were even remotely private enough for Sandy to pull down her cutoffs and panties, even with me and Anne standing guard.

The street was lively with voices and even music coming from somewhere, and from just behind the shops on one side we could hear the steady crashhhh and swishhhh of the waves on the beach. Sandy had stopped running and skipping; now she was walking slowly, mincing her steps and grinding her thighs against one another. She was muttering under her breath, “Oh God oh God oh God I have to pee soooooo bad…” She had shoved her hands in her pockets, clearly doing everything she could (short of blatantly gripping herself) to pull the denim of her shorts tight against her crotch. “I have to peee-eeeee-eeeee…” Anne took my hand again, and I’m sure she could feel me trembling.

Shops gave way to houses on the next block, tiny bungalows stacked along the beachfront, with postage-stamp yards behind low picket fences. Then a right-of-way…a swath of grass ten feet wide that opened from the sidewalk down onto the beach. We were still a few blocks from home. Sandy took one quick glance down towards the water. “I can’t hold it,” she said. “I’m gonna take a piss on the beach. I…I have to.” She was scampering again as we followed her down the right-of-way. I took in the back view again of Sandy’s round, round buttocks so scantily covered by those shorts. Was she gripping herself now? Maybe. Or maybe just tugging hard on her jeans, giving herself a wedgie.

We had to hurry to keep up as Sandy rounded the end of the fence and came out onto the sand. She was gone from my view for just a second before I reached the corner too, and when I came out onto the sand I saw her standing, stricken with dismay, staring down the length of the beach. The swath of white sand curved away towards our cottage, bathed in the light of a full moon which lit it up as clearly as if it had been daylight. Cottages were lined up right along the beach, all with picture windows and little decks or porches facing the water. Twenty or thirty or forty of them before we got to our own, and people in all of them. Light from many of the windows. Voices everywhere. Music. The smell of grilling fish from one of the decks. A bonfire down by the water’s edge, below the high tide line.

Sandy started walking again immediately, and when Anne and I caught up with her, she was muttering “Shit! Shit shit shit! I really have to go!” She gritted her teeth and kept marching, hands shoved deep in her pockets again. I wondered if Sandy were going to simply walk up to one of the cottages and beg to use their bathroom, but either she didn’t think of it or she was too shy.

A wave hissed as it broke onto the beach and then sighed, retreating. Anne suggested, “You could wade out into the ocean.”

“I’d freeze to death,” said Sandy. “And I’m not wearing a bra.” I thought about what that thin white shirt would look like soaking wet, plastered against her skin. If it were wet, she might as well be walking down the beach topless. “God, I wish I was wearing a skirt,” she said. “I’d piss right here.”

“Can you pull your shorts far enough to one side, maybe?” Anne asked her. And Sandy actually tried it. I probably should have looked away, but I just couldn’t. But Sandy seemed oblivious to my watching, or she just didn’t care, couldn’t afford to care, she had to go so bad. She planted her feet wide apart in the sand and hooked her fingers under the frayed denim at the crotch of her jeans. She tugged—she wriggled—but the shorts were too tight, almost a second skin.

She did manage to expose a few curls of hair, a narrow strip of labia, but she couldn’t get the denim far enough to the side. It still dug into her slit. Then suddenly there was a dark spot at her crotch. It was only about the size of a quarter—maybe a half dollar—and she whimpered and gripped herself with both hands and crossed her legs again and twisted her whole body, squeezing herself shut. Her jaw was clenched and her eyes were squeezed closed with tears forming at the corners, and then she was walking again, still gripping herself, half doubled over.

Anne came up behind her then and laid a hand on her shoulder. “It’s OK, honey,” she said. “Just let go. No one can tell. No one will know.”

Sandy was hissing through gritted teeth. We could see our own cottage now, from where we were standing. Ours is one of the last in the row along the beach, and it’s set back from the water more than the others, with a stockade fence giving our little back yard a bit of privacy. We could easily tell it from the others. “We’re almost there,” Sandy said. And then she started to run.

She didn’t have a key, of course, so I ran, too, trying to catch up with her. Anne followed at a brisk walk. Sandy reached the door first—another sliding glass door—and tugged on it. “Oh noooo!” she wailed. “No! No! Noooo!” She was dancing, hopping from foot to foot, bobbing and swaying. (And jiggling and bouncing.) I had my key in hand as I reached the door.

“Just one more second,” I said to her. “Let me get this open for you.”

Sandy was unzipping already.

I slid the key into the lock.

Both of her hands inside her pants, gripping her crotch.

The key stuck at first. “Come on…” I said. I was quivering with sexual arousal, but I was honestly doing my best to get Sandy inside, get her to a bathroom before it was too late. “Come on…”

“Oh God,” Sandy moaned. “Oh please, please! Hurryhurryhurry! Oh God, help me!” She’s standing on one foot right next to me, one leg wrapped completely around the other.

Anne was behind us now. Sandy held onto her for balance as she wriggled on one foot.

“Please…” The key turned. “…help…” I shoved the door open.

“Ohhh…nnnooooooooooooo…” and then I heard the quiet but unmistakable hiss of the rushing river flooding the crotch of Sandy’s cutoffs. She was still gripping herself but her fingers could not hold back the tide. Rivulets overflowed, escaping around her hands and between her fingers. Trickles ran down her inner thighs, meandering in their path from crotch to knees. The trickle became a proper stream, and then it was washing down her legs in sheets. The denim of her cutoffs was sodden, glistening in the moonlight, and the canvas of her sneakers turned dark. A puddle formed between her feet, then spread, and the rushing hiss of the river was replaced by the melody of a waterfall. She relaxed visibly, let go her grip on herself and took a half-step back—probably trying not to splash us, but the puddle now covered almost the entire stoop.

I was going to leave wet footprints of my own. Her feet were apart now and her water fell in a steady torrent, pouring into the rising puddle. Her eyes were closed, her cheeks rosy with embarrassment, but her mouth was slack with the sudden physical release. The pool at our feet spread, became a lake, and spilled over the edge of the stoop to drain into the sand. I could not look away, no matter how much I felt I ought to. Thank God her eyes were closed. I stared at her crotch, memorizing the way her wet skin caught the light, the way a few frayed threads of denim held little beads of water at the end that caught the light like jewels. The waterfall went on for a long time. A minute. Two minutes? Eventually the stream weakened, stopped. Then another little spurt.

Did I look away in time, before she opened her eyes? I’m not sure, but when I looked at her again, looked into her face, her eyes were open. Her face showed embarrassment. Relief. A shy, sheepish smile.

“I’m…I’m sorry.” She said.

“Oh, don’t say that,” said Anne, laying a hand on Sandy’s shoulder. “It’s OK. It happens. And it’s not a big deal.” She gave her a quick hug. “You two wait here,” she said. “I’ll get you a towel.” Anne disappeared into the house, and Sandy turned to look out at the ocean and the full moon. She kicked off her sneakers and stepped out on the sand. I stared at her bottom again. She was standing with her legs together now, and I realized that she was peeing again, letting it flow silently down her inner thighs to disappear into the dry sand, but I could see the sheen of it on her skin and the little bit down past her calves where it fell away from her and dripped free.

Anne returned with a towel. “Go ahead and shower,” she said. “Just throw your things in the washing machine. I’ve got enough to make a load. They’ll be ready in no time.”

Sandy thanked her, took the towel and dried off her legs, then her feet. She turned her back to us and faced the open, empty ocean and slithered out of her pants, keeping herself covered with the towel and then wrapping it around her waist. I didn’t get to see her naked, but it was still wonderful to watch. As she carried her wet things inside, Anne put an arm around my waist and pulled me very close to her.

“I’m almost as desperate as she was,” she told me. “When she started to pee, I thought I was going to lose it, too.” She kissed me, and then smiled up at me wickedly. “I didn’t stop to pee when I was inside, but I did take off my underwear.”

From inside, we heard the shower start.

“Come,” she said, and led me into the shadow of the stockade fence. I took her by the shoulders then and leaned her back against the fence and kissed her deeply, running my hands over her body and pressing my hard-on against her crotch. She kissed me back, hungrily, as I began to grind against her. “Mmmm,” she said. “You’re pressing against my bladder.”

“Is that a problem?”

“We’ll see,” and she kissed me again.

I cupped her ass in my hands, pulling her tight against me, and then began gathering the fabric of her skirt. I lifted it up to her hips, the bangles jingling quietly, and unzipped my jeans to let my penis feel the scratchiness of her hair.

“Do you want to watch while I pee?” she asked.

“Not yet,” I said. I wet my fingers with my lips and then reached down to guide myself into her.

Her eyes bulged a little and she exhaled. “Whew! Now you’re REALLY pressing against my bladder.”

I only smiled and thrust a little deeper. My breath started to quicken as I slid in and out and deeper into her.

“Are you going to come soon?” she asked.

“Y…y…yeah…”

“Good, cause I really need to pee.”

“Just let go,” I said.

“What?”

“Just go. Just let go.” I held her bottom in my hands and pulled her even harder against me.

“Mmmff?”

“Like you said to Sandy, it’s no big deal. And you’re doing a wash anyway.”

“But…I…I can’t…”

I moved my hands to her waist then, and stroked a spot on each side where I knew she was just a little bit ticklish.

“Nnng!” she said.

And then I felt a sudden heat against my belly. I put my arms around her and held her close, close, close against me and whispered in her ear, “It’s OK. Just let go. It’s OK.” I pulled part way out of her and held her as the heat came again against by belly and spread down my thighs, soaking the front of my jeans. There was that hissing sound again, soft and then louder, and then I thrust deep again, and she moaned, loud enough that I thought the neighbors might hear, and then I came, adding my own hot juices to the mix.

“Oh, yes!” she said.

“Yesss!” I answered. And held her, close against me in the moonlight.

