I Almost Broke My Bladder
	
Posted by holdingonhard on Aug 27th, 2009 at 7:23PM

O k- as you all know I like to hold to desperation.I am not a wetter. Generally I will have a hold once in awhile but the last few weeks have been stressful so I have been doing more of them. I have even been trying to hold more while in public. Well, a couple of things have happened. Yesterday I only worked 6 hours so I decided not to pee while I was there. I drank my normal water/diet coke ratio ( about 12 - 20 ounces an hour). By 4 o'clock I definitely needed to pee but I was headed out and normally it's a 20-25 minute ride home. Well, once I got in the car I remembered that I had to pick up an on line grocery order because people were coming over.

So that was going to add at least 15 minutes and for some reason the traffic was bad- Friday, payday - who knows. So I had a very uncomfortable ride home ( cell phone videod it but it got messed up on xtube some how) but I made it. I also had an agreement with a web friend that while my company was there I would have 20 ounces in hour 1, 36 in hour 2 and then 50 ounces in hour three. They had little kids so I thought there was no way they would stay longer than that. I was wrong and when they left I started to feel drops escaping- that never happens and I panicked and grabbed the nearest thing to pee in and burst open over it. I couldn't even turn on the light so I video'd it with the regualr digital camera and it's dark but you can hear it- it is a fire hose. 

I am waiting for XTube to convert that one.

All of this leads up to today. I had NO intention of doing another hold. I have been playing with fire ( ok water) doing as many as I have lately and I know that bladder rebellion is a real risk. So,I set off to go to the beach today. I stopeed at CVS, they had FIJI water 2 for 3$. I like fiji water.I get in the car and start sipping . It is not until I am almost finished the first one that I realize it's a 1L bottle ( damn square bottles make it hard to tell). So, I thought I had better not drink the second one as fast. I didn't have to pee at that point. I was also using my gps to go to the beahc.

It is about a 3.5 to 4 hour drive. What I didn't realize until too late was that the GPS was taking me through very very rural areas and because it's the summer they were packed with beachgoers. At about 70 miles from our beach condo I realized that I needed to pee and pee bad. Ther ewas no where to stop. The rural roads either have open fields or people's houses and there was too much traffic to try and squat in a tobacco field. I turned ont he cell phone camcorder to record it so that I could teach myself a lesson. 

This desperation must be done in moderation. It got so bad that I took a beach towel and jammed it between my legs- both for the pressure and in case I lost it. I started rythmically squeezing the towel with my thighs and rocking.At one point I saw a guy in a big pick up gawking but I couldn't stop. When I got within 10 miles of the condo there were lots of places but I was so afraid at that point that I was going to lose it as soon as I stood up that I soldiered on. Bouncing and squeezing as hard as I could. After having those drops escape last night I was afraid that I really might just flood my panties. I burned rubber into the parking lot ( an elederly couple on their porch stared as I bolted out of the car and half ran half hobbled).

I had to get up two flights of stairs and then use the damn sticky key to get into the condo. I got as far as the kitchen where I saw a solo cup .I grabbed it, pushed it under my skirt, pulled my panties aside and started ******* before I even squatted. It was all I could do to stop the flow when it was full. At that point I poured it down the sink and then squatted.I filled the cup twice more. So I guess about 48 ounces. The relief was so enormous that I went into the bedroom and rubbed myself off in about 1 minute. ****** not with standing I don't ever want to get that close again.

Comment:

Hi holdingonhard,

that was very sexy - and I hope you will do it again after some time of recreation!

You now know you can hold it even in this state, so you will try it again, I hope ;)

