Your pages and stories are awesome. After reading them I had to try to experience the feeling of orgasmic pain of a bulging bladder so well described by others. I have never had an accident but decided I would like to experience one. Definitely not in public though! That would be too mortifying.
When I arrived home from work I could have definitely used the facilities but instead I drank two quarts of water. I made dinner and about an hour later I then decided to go to the grocery store for a few things. I figured being in public would prevent me from wimping out from the discomfort of my now uncomfortably full bladder and I wanted to savor the squirming feeling.
I made it home without any real problem and, feeling that I wasn't suffering enough, drank another huge glass of water. In about 30 minutes I could feel that now I would be in serious danger of losing control soon. So I decided to go to the mall to ensure that I would have to hold on no matter what to avoid public humiliation.
To make it harder for me to relieve my bladder if I decided to use the public restroom I changed my clothes. I changed into a one–piece swimsuit. Of course it's easy to slide the crotch aside and that wouldn't be good so I also put on panty hose and then to top everything off I put on a firm panty girdle. My only concession to minimizing my humiliation– if I couldn't hold on until mall closing time– was to wear a dress instead of jeans or pants. However, I chose a knee length dress with a tight midriff so that I would have to unzip it to get to the panty girdle, the panty hose, and the crotch of my swimsuit.
Just putting on the panty girdle almost made me pee from the pressure on my now rock hard bladder. I left for the mall at 7:30. Driving just made things worse since it drove the panel of the girdle into my bladder. Every muscle in my crotch slammed shut against the pressure of my bladder and the girdle. The feeling was almost orgasmic and I so wanted to finger myself but of course with all the undergarments on I couldn't. I also knew even one muscle twitch let alone muscle spasm in my slammed shut pussy would unleash torrents of piss so I just could not risk an orgasm, no matter how pleasurable.
I got to the mall at 8:00 and felt (hoped) that I could hold my pee until the mall closed at 10:00. I strode purposefully into the food court but I was feeling a pain unlike any I ever knew and opted not to get a drink.
9:00 PM. I made it to the far side of the mall but now was in a real bind. Every step I took sent little jabs of pain straight to my bladder. The pain was so great that I felt like doubling over but I knew if I did that the pressure of the panty girdle against my bladder would be an instant accident. I felt an urgent need to shove my hands between my legs to help hold back the gallons of pee ready to burst out of me. Crossing my legs made me feel a sense of control of the impending accident but of course this was not going to get me back to my car.
I knew I would never make it to closing time. I absolutely had to get to the ladies room. However, to avoid flooding the mall floor I could only take tiny little steps much like a person on ice. At this rate the loo was 10 minutes away. I had to go faster.
I took two bigger steps and the shock of the strides caused a jolt that sent pee into the crotch of my swimsuit. I froze with my legs crossed and my hands shoved between my thighs and managed to some how hold back the dam burst. I could feel the damp patch in my crotch and down the very tops of my thighs. After regaining control I straightened up and looked around. A few people looked at me strangely and I saw a couple giggle as they passed me. But no one else seemed to notice.
I continued mincing excruciatingly to the ladies room. I knew I couldn't make it and the pain had become unbearable so I walked of to the side next to a plant and spread my legs a bit and decided to relieve some of the pressure, knowing that I could always cross my legs if the stream got away from me. I tried to relax and in a moment I felt the wetness pour down my thighs. I absolutely couldn't have stopped if you had a gun to my head. The sense of relief was overwhelming. I almost collapsed on the floor in gratitude. Thankfully no one seemed to notice.
I quickly left the mall by the nearest exit so as to avoid the glare of the lights where the stream of pee down my panty hose must have been obvious to even the most busy of people. I got to my car and as I opened the door a voice called out: "thanks for the show". I quickly got in my car and drove home in my soaked clothes.
I may try this again.
Mallgirl