Revenge
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by randomness27 on October 24th, 2010 at 3:35PM

I hope your all enjoyng my stories. I have many more. Enjoy :)

In my last story, my boyfriend, Alec, took me captive and forced me to hold my pee for his own pleasure. Now this is how I got him back. 

So a few days after he had tortured me, it was my turn. He had stayed over my place. I woke up really early. I knew he would be sleeping for a while, because he had a cold and had taken some cough medicine the night before. 

Anyway, I took some handcuffs that I had bought and attached both of his arms to the head board of the bed. This meant no moving, and no holding himself.

He woke up about an hour later. I was laying next to him. He immediatley went to stand up, and then realized his prediciment. He always had to pee really bad in the moring, sometimes he barley made it to the bathroom. He sighed. "I guess this is pay back?" He said. I nodded and watched him struggle to free himself from the handcuffs.

After a while, he knew their was no escaping. He began to relax a bit. He tried to act like it wasn't bothering him but I knew all the signs. His breathing was really fast, and he would bite his lip every so often. He asked me to turn on the T.V. He stared at the telivsion, trying to take his mind off the pee threating to escape from his bladder.

After a little while, he began to squirm. He managed to sit up and bend over. "I can't." I heard him say quietly. "Sarah?" He asked me. "Yeah?" I said. "What would happen if I pee'd in your bed?" He said. "I rent this house, i'll get in a lot of trouble if you ruin this bed. You better hold it." I said. "I'll try." He said. 

He was wearing only his boxer briefs. I enjoyed watching him desperate, nothing turned me on more.

After another hour he was visibley in pain. But I had seen him more desperate. I had to make it worse. 

I grabbed a bucket from the garage and came back into the bedroom. "What are you doing?" He asked."You'll see." I said. I removed my pajamas and began to pee into the bucket. I saw him wince in pain and close his eyes. I was high over the bucket so you could here the sound of the liquid streaming into the bucket. I saw him cross his legs. "Please let me go, i'm about to burst." He said. "No." I said. When I was finished, I put my pajamas back on and took the barley-full bucket into the bathroom attached to my bedroom. I left the door opened and slowly emptied out the bucket into the toilet. I heard him moan in pain. 

I came back into the bedroom and laid down next to him. "Hey remember, I helped you hold it." He said. That was true. I reached my hand into his boxer briefs and pushed against his pee hole. He sighed in reilefe as some of the pain subsided.

I kept my hand their for a while as he watched T.V. "Can I at least switch into a comfortable posistion?" He asked. "Sure, as long as you promise not to run away." I said. He nodded. I took the key and unbuckled his handcuffs. The second I did, his hands shot down to his penis. I grabbed his arm and led him into the backyard. "Wait, what are you doing?" He asked nervously. I reattached his handcuffs onto the porch. It was raining, but we were undercover. He did a pee-pee dance and moaned. "What are the consoquences if I pee myself?" He asked. I hadn't thought of that. "Hmmm. No sex for a week." I said. That seemed to make him try harder to hold it in. "How much longer do I have to wait?" He asked. "Two hours." I said. His eyes widened and he sighed. "Isn't that a bit excesive?" He said. "I don't think so." I said.

After an hour of struggling, I brought him a chair. He sat down. He took deep breathes. "Can you help me hold again? Please." He begged. "Fine, but just for a little bit." I said and put my hand back in his boxers. He relaxed but as he did a little pee spurted onto my hand. I pushed down harder to stop the flow, but more came out. "Oh god." He said. I pushed even harder and he stopped going. He sighed in reilfe.

When their was just five minutes left, I stopped helping him. But I undid one of his handcuffs so he could hold himself with one hand. He squrimed all around, held himself and moaned in pain non-stop.

"Okay, you can go now." I said five minutes later. "Thank god, take the handcuffs off!" He begged. "No, you have to go here." I said. He rolled his eyes and laughed. "Okay then." He said. He pulled his boxers down just low enough and let out the strongest squirt of pee I had ever seen. It shot straight across the porch onto me. I moved out of the way and watched him reileve himself. "Ahhhh." He said and fell to his knees. He pee'd for five minutes straight. 

Good times lol :)

