Nicole was having the time of her life. She had just turned eighteen, and was a senior in high school, living the good life and having fun with her friends. She was a very popular girl because of her sweet nature, and all the guys were dying to be with her due to her sheer beauty and bubbly, friendly personality. She was about five feet, four inches tall, and had straight dark hair. She had big, beautiful brown eyes, a perfect smile, and a very slim face with skin that was smooth to the touch. Her body was a delectable light tan – a product of many visits to the tanning parlor. She had perfect curves over her whole body. Her stomach was hard as a rock, and her legs were long and essentially perfect. Perky breasts – she was a C cup – and a cute, round butt that bounced just a little bit when she walked rounded out the total package.
Nicole was a real sweetheart who just loved to have fun, but never really went out with any guys. A lot of people speculated that she didn't like guys, but the truth was that she came from a broken home, and just couldn't deal with relationships. Her parents were always fighting, and it broke her heart. Everyday, she'd come home to miserable parents, and she'd often lock herself in her room late at night, crying her eyes out and wishing that her family could be together and happy. I wouldn't classify her as depressed, but she definitely didn't show her pain around her friends, and even her parents. Her cute smirk constantly graced her face, and her slightly raspy voice always had kind words to say.
About a month into the school year, it was time for the annual school walk–a–thon. The whole school would walk five miles in the area surrounding their school to raise money for the school to have other functions throughout the year. Nicole always loved the walk–a–thon. She loved walking, and she loved having fun with her friends from school and joking around with the teachers in the relaxed environment. Some students dreaded the walk, but Nicole was tireless in her vigor.
The morning of the walk–a–thon, Nicole got ready with some extra pep. She quickly took a shower, and then dressed in her favorite baby blue sweatpants, a pink tank top, and white sneakers. Her sweatpants firmly wrapped around her butt and crotch, leaving very little to the imagination. Her breasts were glorious in her tank top, gently bouncing with every step she took. Nicole quickly downed two glasses of orange juice, and ran out the door to jog to school.
When Nicole arrived, she went to the cafeteria and purchased two bottles of water, one of which she downed within ten minutes of buying it. The other bottle she planned to carry with her during the walk. In homeroom, Nicole felt a little antsy, but she figured she'd be fine. She pondered visiting the restroom before all the students had to report to the street, but she decided to stay and continue chatting with her friends.
Nicole's friend Sarah spoke up as they started walking down the stairs to go outside, "Nicole, you look a little uncomfortable, hon. Are you okay?"
"I drank a bit too much, but I think I can make it. I'll just be careful," replied Nicole, squirming just a bit as she walked down the stairs.
"Oh, you should definitely go before we leave, Nicole. We're going to be walking five miles, you know," her friend, Kristen, chimed in.
"I know, guys, I just... I don't want to leave, I'm sort of keeping an eye on someone..."
"Who?" Sarah and Kristen practically screamed.
"Quiet, guys! Keep it down!" Nicole responded in a hushed tone. "See that guy over there? Joe? God... I've been waiting all month to talk to him but... I just can't do it, guys."
"Aw, hon, you can do it!" said Kristen.
"Don't be shy, Nicole," Sarah said, "All the guys like you, you're a sweetheart and you're gorgeous... what could go wrong?"
"Guys... I've never liked any guys before because of my family problems... But now I can't help it because this guy is driving me crazy! He's got such a beautiful smile, and his eyes... I melt every time I make eye contact with him. He's tall, and he's strong, and he's handsome, and he's such a gentle, sweet guy... At least that's what his friends all say..." Nicole replied, staring down at the floor with a sad disposition as the girls walked outside.
"You're going to talk to him today, Nicole. Look at him over there, staring back at us. Staring back at you! He's smiling at you, Nicole!" Kristen practically yelled out.
Nicole looked up at Joe, and then turned away shyly, blushing. Joe turned away and sped up slightly as his guy friends took off without him. Kristen and Sarah put their arms around Nicole as Nicole pouted, miserable that she just let a golden opportunity slip by.
"It's okay, hon; we all get nervous sometimes..." Kristen tried to comfort Nicole.
"You'll do it next time, Nicole, I'm sure of it." Sarah reassured her.
"Guys... I've been nervous for far too long... today is the day where I show him what I'm made of..." Nicole stared sternly ahead at the back of Joe's head. She was confident that she was going to make today her day.
— ––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
As the walk–a–thon began, the girls quickly passed groups of slow walkers, trying to catch up to Joe and his group, who were walking, just as fast, about a block ahead. Kristen and Sarah were basically dragging Nicole by the arms because she was starting to feel more uncomfortable.
"Guys... I'm starting to really have to pee..." Nicole meekly said.
"Oh no! Are you going to be okay?" Kristen nervously asked.
"I... I'm trying but... my bladder is so swollen right now, if I touch my stomach, I can feel it."
"What do you want us to do?"
"There's really nothing you can do... I'll just have to fight it..."
The girls walked on. Kristen and Sarah watched Nicole intently as she walked with her knees locker together. Nicole moaned and sighed, shifting her weight back and forth quickly every time the group stopped before crossing the street.
"I think... I think I'm losing it guys..." Nicole timidly said as she looked down at her crotch and tightly crossed her legs.
With every step, Nicole could feel the walls of her bladder aching, throbbing from the pressure of her pee. She walked quickly, but had to stop to kneel down stop the pee every few seconds.
"Nicole, you'll never catch up if you don't run! Even if you're going to piss yourself, we've gotta do this! Let's go!" Sarah said, excitedly.
Sarah and Kristen picked Nicole up, and they all started to jog. Nicole felt violent spasms in her bladder, and put her hands on her crotch and she jogged, every bounce about to cause a violent leak.
"Oh my God, guys! I can't hold it! Oh my God, I'm about to piss in my sweats! I can't do this anymore!" Nicole screamed as she ran behind the bushes on the lawn of a near–by house. Everyone stared at her in awe as she grabbed her crotch with both hands, knelt down, and began gently weeping.
The girls looked on, and panicked, but acted quickly. "Leave her alone! She's sick! Keep walking!" they all yelled at the students who decided to stare. Everyone decided it was better to leave her alone, and kept on going. The girls knelt down next to Nicole.
"What can we do for you, hon?" Sarah asked as she put her arm around Nicole's shoulders.
"I can't hold it, guys... I'm... I'm... losing it..."
Nicole hung her head as her bladder emptied. A dark spot quickly grew from the butt of her sweatpants, and some pee soaked through and trickled onto the grass. She peed for almost thirty seconds, gasping and moaning as she let it all out. The pee ran down the legs of her pants as she stood up and continued peeing.
"Oh... my... God... You have no idea how great this feels girls. I'm practically orgasming right here..." Nicole said with an evil smirk across her face.
"What? What are you doing Nicole?" Sarah and Kristen frantically asked Nicole as she began rubbing her aching pussy.
"Here it comes... here it comes... Ohh... Ohh... Ohh YES!!!!!" Nicole screamed out as a mixture of pee and cum gathered inside the crotch of her sweatpants. Nicole rubbed her chest with the other hand as she gently fingered herself from outside of her sweats.
The girls looked on in horror, confused at the sudden transformation of her friend.
Nicole felt all of the muscles in her body relax, and she turned to see Joe running over, by himself, towards the girls.
"Oh my God! It's Joe! Nicole, get out of here!" Kristen exclaimed.
"It's okay guys... Remember when I said I was going to show Joe what I'm made of? Well, I've heard that Joe likes a girl who can't hold her pee... So it looks like Joe's here to get his prize..." Nicole slyly stated as she walked over to Joe and stroked his face.
"Nicole... you made my day you dirty little girl... Give me some of that..." Joe whispered into her ear as he grabbed and rubbed her pussy with one hand, and grabbed her ass with the other. Nicole and Joe made out violently, and Joe pulled away as he started to get aroused, but Nicole dragged him closer, and then started humping him, both of them keeping their clothes on. Joe quickly burst in his tight jeans. Nicole unzipped his pants and pulled them down, revealing his massive, throbbing cock. Nicole sucked hard, but Joe didn't want that. Joe laid Nicole down, and then dove face first into her pussy while she still had her sweats on. Joe tongued her like a man possessed, and Nicole moaned in ecstasy as she peed and cummed even more.
When they were both tired, they walked back to the school and sat on the bleachers in the empty football field.
"You sure do know how to make a guy go crazy, you sexy girl." Joe said.
"I've been waiting for this year for a long time, Joe. I never thought I could enjoy being desperate, especially in these tight little sweats, but for you... I'd do anything." Nicole replied.
"Well, I've got a few more bottles of water in my car... Is your house good?" asked Joe.
"That'd be just perfect." Nicole said with a sly smile.
Joe and Nicole walked to Joe's car as he massaged her pussy from outside her still soaked sweats. Nicole rubbed his ass, and then slipped into the passenger's side of his car. As Joe sped off, he could feel it all coming back again.
It was going to be a very wet night.
By: Pee in Your Sweats