My Friend Amanda
	(18-21 year old member)
Posted by coolniceguy on December 19th, 2009 at 1:12PM

Unfortunately this story isn't real, but I sure wish it was! I'd love to chat or email with people, especially girls, about pee holding and desperation. My email is jjjericho23аgmail.com and my msn is coolniceguyаlive.com And here's the story.

When my friend Amanda and I were 18, there was a water mane break and no one could use the bathroom all day. She was over at my house all day that day, and she hadn’t peed since 5 in the evening the previous night. When her dad told her to make sure she used the bathroom one last time before the toilets would go out at 10 that night, she said that she’d be fine, even though she’d had a bottle of water that evening. She came over to my place really early, and we had breakfast together.

Despite warnings from my parents, she still downed a glass of orange juice and a mug of coffee. “Don’t worry, I can hold it.” she said. For lunch we went over to the mall, and she had a 16 oz drink with her burger and fries. Then we met up with some friends there by coincidence. After a few hours of hanging out with them, all of them were desperate to pee, as they hadn’t gone since late last night. They all left to go relieve themselves outside, while Amanda smiled in a superior way. Before leaving the mall, Amanda picked up a large lemonade and began sipping it. Then we got back to my place and had dinner. By then I was getting desperate myself, but I managed to get through the meal, and glass of ice water, without too much trouble.

Amanda downed her glass without a thought, though she did seem to be a tad quieter by now. After dinner we went back to the mall to see a movie. Halfway there I just couldn’t hold it any longer and let loose a minute and a half stream into the grass. I asked Amanda if she wanted to relieve herself also, but she said that she could wait. Well, we made it to the movies, but they would not let Amanda in the theater without throwing away her lemonade. Rather than waste it, she chugged it down. She had a bottle of Pepsi for the movie, and by the end of it, her legs were crossed and she was gripping the handrests tightly. Her bladder was clearly reaching its maximum limit as we got back to my place. She quickly went to my room and laid on the bed, holding her crotch. She showed me her bulging abdomen and we laughed and talked for a while.

Then, by 9 in the evening, she got ultra-desperate, and no wonder, as she had been holding her pee in for 28 hours to this point. She was hopping around the room in frantic desperation, as her need could no longer be concealed, and her admittedly huge bladder could no longer contain the imminent flood. She lasted this way for 15 minutes or so, then her bladder caved in. She let loose a 3 minute torrent of hissing pee right onto my floor. I saw relief wash over her face as she got rid of the bottle of water, glass of OJ, mug of coffee, 16 oz lunch drink, large lemonade, glass of ice water, and bottle of Pepsi. Afterwards she collapsed in a heap, her shorts and panties very, very wet.

