Subject : Traffic "Accident"
  Date sent : 9 Mar 1999
Submitter : Lexi

(Lexi sent a true story about her hold-it exploits [F hold-it])

Hi Since I know how much you love to hear about desperate women I thought I would tell you about an actual situation I got myself into last summer when I had just started to really get into holding it...Tell me what you think and feel free to include it on your page if you think it worthy.

I got up at 7am on a beautiful June day with plans to head for the beach. The very first thing I did was pee as I was full to the point of aching, having last peed at 8pm the previous evening after which time, due to the weather, I had consumed 3 large 32oz glasses of water. As I peed, revelling in the sensation of release, I thought that the two hour drive to the beach would be a perfect time to test my holding capacity and decided to make this my last pee before I arrived.

At breakfast I had 2 cups of coffee and a large glass of OJ. I stopped at a convenience store and picked up 3 1-liter bottles of water as well as a 6-pack of diet soda for my cooler.A few miles up the road I pulled into the Dunkin Donuts Drive-Thru to get a large (32 oz) Iced Coffee for the drive. Fully provisioned , I started out for the beach. About 20 minutes into the drive I started to feel a slight urge to pee but nothing serious. I continued to sip on my Iced Coffee and dance in my seat in time to my favorite CD's as I drove.

Halfway through my Iced Coffee and 50 minutes into my journey the need to pee started to grow stronger, I could feel the pressure building and my snug cut-off denim shorts were starting to feel a whole lot snugger but I was confident I would make it to the beach changing rooms before I needed relief. I continued seat dancing, enjoying the feel of the denim seam of my shorts rubbing against my clit through my panties, and finished off my Iced Coffee. The day was really starting to heat up with the sun beaming fiercely through the windshield, so, despite the growing intensity of pressure in my bladder, I opened one of the liters of water from my cooler.

I had about 50 minutes more to drive until I arrived and I felt certain I would make it, but I wanted to really push myself. I was halfway through my liter of water, with 30 minutes still to go, when I noticed the traffic starting to slow and as I rounded the curve in the highway I wound up slowing to a dead stop. As far ahead as I could see the traffic was stopped. I had not planned on so many people heading to the beach on a weekday but apparently they all had the same idea I did...although I doubted any of them were in the dilemma I was now in (but I did fantasize about how lovely it would be if they were!). My bladder was now extremely full and as a result my distended belly was pushing against my snug shorts, increasing the pressure. I continued seat dancing, rubbing my clit even harder against the seam of my shorts, trying to distract myself, hoping that the traffic would start moving again quickly.

Had it started moving I was fairly certain I would make it but sitting there at a dead stop gave me nothing to concentrate on but the increasing need to pee. It seemed as if all the liquid I had consumed suddenly made its way to my bladder, bringing me near to bursting in a matter of minutes. I looked around, scouting for possible toilets or, at worst, shrubbery should it come to that, but we were on the most deserted stretch of the highway, nothing but tarmac and road railings with no greenery nearby. The traffic was still not moving!

And still the heat was beating down on my car making me very thirtsy so again ,despite my very full bladder, I opened another bottle of water. I got out of the car, thinking that perhaps walking up ahead a little would distract me and possibly give me an idea of what was holding up the traffic. As I stepped out of the car and straightened up I could almost hear my bladder scream in protest as it was now more fully stretched but I forced myself to walk forward, thinking that at the very least even sitting back down with a bladder this full would seem like a relief after the agony of standing upright. I hobbled forward a few steps, fearing that if I broke into my usual confident, long-legged stride I would start to involuntarily wet my panties.

About 5 car lengths up a very strong pang of urgency wracked my body and I was forced to stand stock still with my legs squeezed together to get myself under control. Now I was beginning to seriously doubt the wisdom of this little jaunt because now the car seemed miles away and I wasn't sure I could get back to it without wetting myself a little. I was already getting admiring looks as it was and if I let even the littlest amount escape my bladder someone was bound to notice.

I took a deep breath, gave my internal muscles a tight squeeze and walked quickly back towards my car, thinking "almost there, almost there, almost there....ooooh my god, almost there" but only 3 feet from the car, I could feel my bladder ready to give out from the sudden pressure of quick movement and I stopped and crossed my legs, bending at the waist to get some control back. I just barely managed it but now I was practically frozen in that position and the occupants of the two cars nearest me, a family and a group of 3 men, were looking at me both horrified and,on the part of the 3 men,fascinated.

"Oh god," I thought to myself' " just 3 more steps and I am in the car and sitting down will help...oooohhh I need to pee, oh my god do I need to pee!" I tried to straighten up but found that I couldn't - my bladder was sending out constant, urgent pangs, demanding relief. I completely forgot about the people watching me in the intensity of my need, I slipped one hand between my legs and squeezed, rubbing my clit, hoping to hold my flood back and arouse myself enough to help relieve the pressure. I thought about how, when I was at home, I loved to masturbate with a full bladder because it made each sensation so intense and tried to get that same feeling there.

So, in the middle of the highway, I closed my eyes and rubbed my clit, using my other hand to tease my nipples through my snug white v-neck t-shirt and tried to concentrate on how good that felt, how good the fingers on my clit felt, how good my hard nipples felt being pinched and teased...anything but my bursting bladder. It worked for a few moments until my bladder contracted so fiercely that I started to wet myself. "Oohhh nooo, no, no , god I do not want to pee my pants on the highway with all of these people watching me.." It took all of my concentration to stop the flow and tighten my muscles but I knew I would only last another minute or so and I decided to take my chances on getting to the car and peeing on my beach blanket. I straightened up as much as I could and took a step toward my car but it was too much for my aching bladder and the dam burst...

Pee was pouring out of my pussy, soaking my panties and shorts and running down my long tanned legs to pool at my feet. I couldn't move, I was rooted to the spot, completely humiliated but the relief was so great at emptying my bladder that I temporarily ceased to worry about it, closed my eyes, and just gave in to the flood of relief. When I had finally peed myself empty, I opened my eyes to find the occupants of both cars just staring at me, the family was horrified, telling their children not to look but the 3 men were watching me with fascination and it seemed a little bit of lust. I flushed deep red and hurried to my car, feeling the soaking wet denim mold to my body as I moved. I got in and reached for my spare beach towel to wipe my legs and put underneath me. Now that I was somewhat shielded from watchful eyes, I found myself violently aroused.

I had just humiliated myself in public but could feel my pussy pouring juice into my pee wet panties and my nipples were hard and protruding through my shirt. I slipped my hand down over my flat, damp belly and into my soaked pussy...my pussy lips were swollen and wet with lust and my clit was hard and throbbing. God it was so hot...to feel my pee wet pussy so slippery with pussy juice. I slid down in my seat and spread my legs, vaguely aware that the men were watching me, and started to really rub my clit, feeling it get harder and hotter under my probing fingers.

My hips started to buck up and down in rhythm to my fingers as I lay back in that hot car and finger fucked my steaming pussy...I was so hot that it didn't take more than a few minutes before my pussy tightened and I felt my climax spike deep inside me and set my clit throbbing before diffusing throughout my whole body, leaving me shuddering and out of breath. It took me minutes to catch my breath and just as I was doing so the traffic started to move slowly. Thank God...I could already feel the urge to pee building again.... 

