Stories: Myra Wets Her Carnival Costume
	Posted on December 16, 2008
by Neville

Myra had been looking forward to going to the Notting Hill carnival for a whole year. She and her friends at the local community centre had helped design and make the costume that they were to wear. Myra had gone there before as a dancing spectator, but now she was going to be in it, and sure, when Bank Holiday Monday came, she put on her costume, which was a yellow and black striped leotard with wings on the back…. they were dressed as bees.

As in any event, Myra, like anyone dancing on the day, was nervous, and it was a hot day, so she drank a small bottle of mineral water and then was determined to enjoy her day. As she and her friends were new to the area, they decided to stick together until the day was over.


As they started dancing, Myra was getting hot, so she gulped some more water given to her by one of her stewards. A couple of hours later, she felt the need to go to the toilet. She had not gone since leaving home in the morning and she knew if she did not get the chance to go, she would be in trouble.

As they and the other teams and floats crawled down Ladbroke Grove on the carnival route, Myra was dancing and fidgeting at the same time…. her legs swung wildly in the air, and was doing repeated curtsying. She avoided the need to hold herself, not just because other people could be watching, but she did not want to embarrass her friends. An hour later, she was getting really desperate. She was looking around for a toilet…. any toilet…. to get rid of her held-in pee.

She was dancing in a weird way now. She knew she was on verge of wetting herself, so when she saw a toilet, she rushed to it immediately, not caring if she got lost in the line. She got in a cubicle, locked the door, and started tugging with her costume.

She tried to undo it with all her might, but it became too late. She felt a little pee seep into her panties. She grabbed her crotch with both hands in between her legs and let it flow. She sobbed as the pee flowed down her stained costume making a small puddle on the floor…. she had wet herself. She stood there for half an hour, looking at the sodden mess of her costume. Then she sat down until her costume was dry enough for her to come out…. only with one problem… she could not find her friends.

