Dream Team (Part 7-c)

Posted by Tinker, April 1998 

Arrived in her room, Alice quickly kicked off her high heels and unbuttoned her blouse. As pretty as these garments were, she silently preferred sneakers and sweaters. The same for her leather mini: wide, longer skirts offered other types of fun that were at least as nice. Although her experiences of this morning certainly called for more. Wetting and wearing wet panties with only a few inches of thin shielding between the stain and the world was great, and sitting down afterwards was exciting as well. But Alice was a bit against the tightness of Cindy's leather skirts; flaring was better. She pulled the zipper down and slid the skirt down her legs. Her blue panties looked terrific: the front and the back were wonderfully ocean blue, the rest just pale blue. They should sell this pattern woven in, Alice fantasised, so that everybody could enjoy it all the time. 

As she pulled her soft, tight blue and white cheerleader uniform sweater over her head, Alice couldn't help but think of Cindy wearing it. She was so pretty, it made her glow. The uniform skirt followed, and Alice took care to keep it away from her wet panties. She really liked wearing wet panties, and took the opportunity to just keep them on. It wouldn't be that hard to get a new pair wet in short time, but walking out onto the lawn wearing an already marked uniform was naughtier. Now only her white high boots. Soon, Alice looked at herself in the mirror, and smiled. This was still the best way to show off, she thought, and turned aside to view her profile. Almost as pretty as Cindy's, she thought. Carefully she slid her hands down her breasts, and sighed. Lovely sweater. Her hands went on down, and she rested them on her thighs. Would she? She had promised not to. But the flesh was weak. 

Alice turned directly to the mirror, parted her legs a bit to look more attractive and slipped her right hand down her skirt's waistband. Careful not to disturb her appearance, she put two fingers at the right place against her wet panties and rubbed a little. Oh bliss! A little more. Just a little more. 

At that moment, heels clicked in the corridor and Cindy entered, impeccable as always. As soon as she saw Alice standing in front of the mirror, she yelled: "Hey! We had an agreement! Not on your own, dammit!" Alice blushed and wanted to apologize, but Cindy said: "I understand, this morning was pretty exciting for you. Okay, come here." Cindy sat down on the back end of the bed, careful not to touch the covers with her panties but only with her skirt, and simply opened her knees widely. Her soaking wet panties invitingly winked at Alice. Without a word, Alice came over and sat down on Cindy's right thigh, looking for the right spot. Cindy felt Alice's warm and moist panties brush over her leg and sighed from pleasure.

Alice now had found her favourite position, and started to ride. With her eyes closed and her skirt flipping slightly up and down, she needed only twenty seconds to fully blow up. Moaning she threw herself against Cindy, who now got pretty hot as well. But she denied herself the release and promised herself to make up for it tonight, and good. Rubbing Alice's back and squeezing their breasts together, she let her friend enjoy every second of her orgasm and then cool off. After a minute, Alice gave her a kiss and stood up: "Thanks, Cindy. I really needed that. Sorry for starting it alone." Cindy replied that it was no problem, and went to the bathroom. After a quick cleanup she dressed in her uniform, with spotless clean panties as usual. Alice liked to be wet, Cindy liked to get wet. A small difference, easy to overcome. They inspected each other's outfit, hugged, and then went downstairs hand in hand. 

On the lawn, Diana and Ann were doing silly stretching exercises; the others still were inside, changing. But soon, Janice and Melissa joined the four and then Maureen and Jane came outside. Everybody joined in with the stretching and at a certain moment they all found themselves standing with their legs widely apart, ready to go. Maureen was the first to start giggling, soon followed by Diana and Ann and the rest. "Hey girls, I think it becomes a bit too obvious what we're doing," Jane announced. "If we just end up standing like we are about to pee in our panties without really thinking, we might eventually start wetting our uniforms without thinking."

"Okay then," Diana replied, "Let's try to stay dry until lunch." A common protest roared up, and she had to change plans: "Well, then try to wet yourself inconspicuously. Let's pretend that it is something absolutely normal. Something that we got taught by our mothers when we got out of diapers or such, you know. Just as blowing your nose." Jane enthusiastically added: "Yes, so when you want to go, you just say `excuse me,' and turn a bit away."

"Suppose that it would be impolite to show the world your panties while you are peeing into them, but that before and after weeing, it would be no real problem flashing!" Maureen contributed. "Just as with handkerchiefs; and you don't look afterwards to see what you did in them as well." Everybody grinned and agreed. "So from now on, if you want to sneeze, turn away and squat down like a decent girl." 

The exercises were pretty tough, the girls soon discovered. Diana kept raising the bar on them as they got closer to the new season. They forgot about wet panties and soon only could think about their hurting muscles. Irritatingly, Diana herself seemed to be immune to any pain, as she effortlessly demonstrated the most gruelling inhuman twists of her body while talking. But they could follow, nonetheless. After thirty minutes of sheer hell, Diana called a break and the girls fell down on the grass, groaning, passing around bottles of water.

"Hey, this camp is supposed to be fun," Alice complained. "You will have enough fun, I assure you," Diana replied, "but we really need to work on our performance. Just looking pretty in our new uniforms won't be enough to convince any jury. We also need to innocently flash panties, and believe me, you all did a great job just doing that!" Giggling. "Come on, we aren't finished yet." Diana wrapped her left leg three times around her neck and stretched her arm to touch the ground while still standing up. More groaning. "She's a witch," Jane mumbled. "Good! I want to become one," Cindy whispered, and copied Diana's sorcery almost completely. 

They tortured on for another half an hour or so, after which Diana switched over to less strenuous exercises. The girls now felt that familiar excitement returning to their groins, and started looking at each other from the corners of their eyes. Who would be the first to sneeze? Did Alice's stained panties stay as they were, or did she secretly refresh them? How long could Diana keep it dry, not having wet since getting out of bed today? But none of the girls wanted to be the first to pull out her handkerchief. They kept looking, carefully covering their panties now, waiting for the right moment to calmly use their uniform as they had been taught to. Ann saw Jane checking her skirt, and swallowed. Janice had her feet just a bit too far apart for the current exercise. Cindy went through her knees every time she could. Maureen started to pluck at her underwear. It could be any moment now. Jane? Janice? Ann? 

"Atishoo! Sorry." Maureen blushed and wiped her nose with the back of her hand. Laughter broke out as everybody got back into reality. "Okay girls, have another break. We'll do one more session before lunch." While most girls sat down on the grass again, Diana walked over to the stairs leading to the front door of the manor. "I'm getting out of the sun for a moment. It's getting hot." She sat down and pulled up her knees, taking the same pose as the girl she had witnessed playing years ago. Diana knew very well that all the other girls watched her very, very closely now, even if they pretended not to. Let them wait just a bit longer. She looked down between her thighs at her blue panties. The contrast with her red uniform skirt was just a bit too challenging, she thought. Red under white would be better. It seemed more innocent, in a way. 

Diana kept teasing the others for at least five minutes, and finally they gave up. Maureen, who had been sitting on her knees with her ass on her ankles and her skirt decently down, interrupted her lively conversation with Ann and held her breath. They both looked down at Maureen's skirt while she started to press. Invisibly but without room for any doubt, Maureen did a civilized little cough in her handkerchief. Smiling, she looked at Ann: "It seems that I caught some hay fever." Ann smiled back: "Never mind, but you better blow your nose then. If you don't it will start to itch and you will be sneezing for hours."

Maureen nodded, and moved her knees apart on the grass. Two more little sneezes followed before she could raise herself on her knees and get her handkerchief properly set up: sweater tight, skirt smoothly down, hair out of the way. Then she looked at Ann, took a deep breath and blew her nose. While Maureen delightfully initiated her uniform for the day, Ann could hear the hissing in her panties, and remembered that seeing somebody sneeze causes an irresistable urge to sneeze as well. Just like yawning. She sat up, squatting with her knees tightly together, and prepared for a fine, relieving sneeze in her pretty red handkerchief. 

With Maureen starting to heavily leak between her thighs and Ann waiting for her sneeze to come up, the other girl's attention was briefly diverted from Diana's impeccable underwear towards more acute events. Diana smiled, calmly looked down between her thighs, and played the little girl out of her memories. The dark stain appeared halfway down her blue triangle, very quickly expanded down her panties, went left and right, and then hit the concrete of the stairs. With a little, glistening stream just jetting through the fabric, Diana peed in her uniform panties as if she was just sitting on the toilet.

Her pee cascaded down the stairs and formed a dark patch between her feet, and then further down. Here she was, wearing her full cheerleader uniform, on an official training camp, with seven eager girls to teach all they had to know, and she was delightfully wetting her outfit in full view of everybody. She leaned a bit backwards and supported herself with her hands flat on the plateau, closing her knees and eyes. Her uniform certainly was part of the fun, but the warm, glowing feeling between her thighs and down her bum was just delicious. 

Apparently the signs now became undeniable, since she heared Jane yell: "Hey, look at her! The witch got away!" Diana sighed and pushed harder. Still sitting up, she got fantasies of tomorrow morning. Slowly she let herself slide back, until she was almost flat on her back with her knees pulled up. Yes, tomorrow when she would wake up, still warm and rosy, she would lay like this and wet her bed. Together with Ann. With still some wee to spare, Diana's fantasies drifted on, and during the final spurts into her now soaking wet panties, she got carried away by the thought of her boyfriend now laying on top of her, caressing everything that mattered, taking care of all her needs.

Her hips started to gyrate a bit while she wrapped her arms around her body, and her last drops into her underwear got accompanied by an intense feeling of comfort, warmth, a sweet sensation in her belly and all other things that her boyfriend could get her to experience. Diana came without sound, laying on her back on top of the stairs, with her uniform sharply contrasting with the triangular shade that had developed on the stairs between her legs. 

"She *is* a witch," Jane mumbled. "Getting off without even touching herself."

"Oh, that's nothing," Melissa answered, pulling her skirt away from under her bum. "I get off all the time without touching myself." Jane jealously looked aside: "Yeah, *you* can let the touching be done for you." Melissa stopped dead in her preparations to pee in her uniform and then sat back down onto the lawn. "Eh... do you mean... you never... I mean... with a boy..." Jane now realized that she had given herself away and blushed: "Shhhh... don't let the others know..." But Melissa could not be stopped: "Hey girls, did you know that Jane's still a virgin?" Even Diana raised her head with interest. "What? Jane? Come on!" But Jane's red face and her complete lack of any witty reply told the girls enough. Ann, still squatted, even forgot to sneeze. 

With Diana straightening her skirt and coming down the stairs, looking back to the river delta in admiration of her bladder capacity, Jane still could not really speak. The girls gathered around her and pounded her with questions: "But how? You are pretty, witty, smart... Everybody likes you... There's nothing to it... It does not really hurt... Why?" Diana sat down in the circle and decided to play teacher again.

"Quiet, girls. She must have a very good reason to stay away from sex. I admit that her attitude would suggest otherwise, but there *are* girls---and boys!---who just prefer to stay a virgin. Look at me. It was not until I met my boyfriend last year that it happened to me, and even then, Ann had to set us up." Now it was Jane's turn to be amazed: "What? You? Only last year?" Diana shrugged. "Not even seven months ago. I still can count the occasions." Janice leaned over: "Yes?" Diana bit her lip and tried to sink into the ground, but she could not escape. All girls looked at her in full confidence that she would throw her cards onto the table. With a little voice, she whispered something. "What? We could not hear it. Louder!"

"Thirty-eight." 

Jane calculated for a moment. "But that's only just over once a week! How do you manage? I mean, I really can't help it, I must release myself more often than that." Diana smiled: "Rest assured, I did as well. But it makes a difference when you find somebody you really like. You start sorta saving things up, and when it then happens again, the result is quite satisfying. Enough for a week, believe me. And then, I did not count both evenings and mornings." Ann and Maureen joined in: "Diana's right. You need less of the real thing,"

"My boyfriend and I agreed to stay away from solitairy handywork except for emergencies, and it works." Alice and Cindy looked at each other and giggled. Melissa kept her mouth shut and pondered whether a steady boyfriend would be any good for her. Janice sighed and remembered that it used to be this way until she and her boyfriend broke up, four months ago. Since then, her solitairy handywork had considerably improved. 

Ann asked: "But Jane, is something bothering you, or is it just a free choice, or...?" Jane shrugged: "I'm not against sex before marriage, if that is what you mean. It is just that the right guy did not yet pass by. Most guys seem to like me alright, in class and such, but after lectures are over, they all hurry away to their girlfriends." Ann nodded. She had noticed this. Jane was popular as a student, probably because of her good grades and helpful attitude towards others.

She was always approachable for help, even with mundane things such as computer stuff. In which she seemed to be extraordinarily capable, by the way. "But Jane, you have to admit that spending most of your time in the computer labs, hacking Unix and programming MUDs, is not the best way to get a boyfriend," Diana said. Jane stared at her: "You're a Mac type! What do you know about hacking Unix?" Diana smiled: "Nothing, but my boyfriend administers the university's Unix cluster and he told me that you seem to know your way around the system and beyond quite well." Jane blushed, again. 

Alice moved over and laid her hand on Jane's shoulder: "Don't take this as criticism, but you *could* be just a bit more assertive. Show your face outside the labs. Go out."

"But I don't like to go out," Jane complained. "Especially not to pick up a boyfriend. Sorry Melissa, this is not personal. I would really like to have a boyfriend to share evenings with and to cook together and, alright, to sleep with, but I am not that desperate. I don't like one-night stands, and I never got even asked for a date myself. The two, no three boys that I fancied ran away as soon as I inquired. No, I can wait. The True one will come by." Diana swallowed and thought about herself, one year ago.

"I understand, Jane. It was exactly the same with me, exactly. I waited for the white knight on the black horse. It took until I was 28 before he passed, and I had to drag him off his horse to get him to notice me." Laughter. "Don't force these things, it won't make you happy." Jane nodded, and Janice took over: "In the mean time, you could try to look like somebody who is interested in a relationship. Be approachable. Use dirty tricks to get them interested. You'll be amazed how many boys will be swarming around you and ask you out if you show just a bit more awareness." Jane's eyes asked for more. Janice looked around. Everybody nodded, including Diana. 

"Okay, Jane, this evening we will take care of you. You can decide for yourself how far you will go, we won't push you into bed with a hunk. But you *will* get requests to go outside for a moment, we guarantee you." Jane whispered: "How?" Ann leaned forward: "No jeans tonight, Jane. And no boring loose T-shirt either. That's not you." Jane protested: "But I like those clothes! What else should I wear? I hate looking like somebody who wants to be picked up, I don't have the body for that type of gear, and besides, I don't have anything with me." Ann just smiled. "Jane, stop separating worlds. You have the best possible outfit right at hand. You don't even have to change. Just break in your panties, it will certainly bring you luck." Jane opened her eyes wide: "I am *not* going out in my uniform! No way! That's only for official cheerleading, I would be terrified to wear it elsewhere! It will make me look like an idiot!" 

Ann now squatted before Jane and took her hands. "It will not. Come on, squat. Come on." Reluctantly, Jane squatted. "You will be wearing your cheerleader skirt tonight, and your flashy uniform panties. Sweater, we'll see. Bare legs, for sure. Nothing wrong with your legs. Sexy boots. And now you do a wee into your panties for luck. Tonight, you will wear the same pair, and you will have ample opportunity to wet, because they have already been broken in. Imagine, Jane, wearing clothes you can wet into without people noticing!" Jane swallowed. It *was* attractive, of course. Nobody would know her, and wetting whenever she liked... getting attention of boys... well, maybe... 

Ann now spread her knees and told: "Come on, Jane. Go! Soak that pretty blue triangle of yours. There will be dozens of boys looking at it tonight, and you don't want to disappoint them, do you? Look, isn't it lovely?" Ann pressed and her red panties turned dark. Jane saw how Ann's breath got stuck for a second and how her knees and belly reacted to the sudden sense of warmth between her legs. The stain stopped expanding and faded away almost without a trace. Jane got excited. Doing this tonight, in public, under her little skirt? Flashing the same pair of panties that she wore right now? That she could wee in right now? Slowly she opened her knees. 

Ann pushed again, and the dark patch grew. The whole bottom of her panties now turned dark. Jane felt Ann squeeze her hands. Another spurt, and a tiny trickle dripped down from between Ann's legs. "Come on, Jane," Ann whispered. "You can do it. It is for luck tonight, and for luck forever. Do it in your uniform, and everything will come together." Ann now leaked harder and harder, and Jane felt a strange sensation creeping over her spine. She closed her eyes, and imagined to stand at the bar, talking to a nice guy over a drink. Ann hissed: "Now, Jane, now." Jane held her breath and for the first time in her life, pushed while wearing a short skirt in full public. It did not take long.

Suddenly, she stood at the bar with a wet spot in her underwear. She was still safe, though. Just a spot. Then, it was not just a spot any more. She now needed her skirt. Fortunate little garment. But it still was not enough. She pushed on, and felt everything between her legs turn into one great pool of joy, ever expanding, until it filled her whole universe. Ann saw it happening and felt Jane clutching her hands around hers. With every drop that coloured Jane's underwear a deep, dark navy blue, Jane's confidence in tonight grew. When she was in full swing and her whole crotch looked alive with glistening emotions, Jane opened her eyes and whispered: "Okay Ann. I will keep these clothes on tonight. Promised. It will be scary, but if it helps to keep me company through the coming cold winter evenings, it will be worth it." And then, Jane sent all her piled up dreams and fantasies right through her panties and made them sing. 

With four girls now wet and Alice at least moist, it was not of any use any more to continue practicing. Diana called it quits: "Okay girls, lunch break. We will prepare the table just as yesterday. In the mean time, enjoy yourself." Ann, Maureen, and Diana went off to get the table and chairs out and to arrange the food onto it, causing a few drops on the pavement outside the kitchen. The others assembled on the terrace and took possession of some elegant chaises longues which stood there. Soon, giggling and laughter floated around the corner towards the kitchen, and Diana curiously came out to see what was going on. It appeared that Cindy had produced a magazine of some kind, and they all were trying to read it at the same time.

"What's that?" Diana inquired. "Oh, nothing. A teenage cheerleader magazine. Silly, but very funny!" Diana caught glimpses of lipstick, Tampax, shaving sets, and countless accessory advertisements. "Are we supposed to buy all that? Come on! Get real!" Cindy smiled and turned pages. "What?! Learning jumps out of a magazine?" An ad of a uniform manufacturer popped up, and Cindy quickly turned more pages: "Those are the fools who turned down my proposal to add lining to the skirts." She stopped at a page yelling '12 below-the-neck strategies for looking great on the field.' Alice grinned: "What about one below-the-waist strategy to *feel* great on the field?" Laughter all over. 

"The best parts are over here," Cindy said, and leafed to page 27. 'Rainy days don't have to dampen your cheer spirit.' Hilarious giggling. 'The Most Common Cheer-Related Injuries.' "Where's bladder overstretching and sore sphincter?" Janice spotted another catch phrase: 'Hydration: Water Cools.' "It does a few other things, you know." 'Fifteen to twenty minutes before the game, drink two cups of water.' "That cannot be right. It should be at least a litre! Which reminds me. I forgot to stretch before the action. Excuse me for a moment." Janice stepped back, pushed her chest forward, placed her feet together and put her hands on her back. Quite a decent pretty cheerleader she was, actually. 

Then she began to stretch her sphincter, looking down at her innocent skirt. For a moment she stayed as innocent as her appearance suggested, but then she felt some small changes taking place somewhere between her legs. Properly warming up was everything, she thought, and stretched her sphincter again. And again. Smiling, Janice stood motionless except for her tummy which pulsed rhythmically. Spurt by spurt, her plain panties guzzled up the spill, until a single drop spiralled down her left leg. With a satisfied sigh, Janice rearranged her skirt a bit, feeling wet and pretty. Then she simply went back to the table and bent over the magazine again, showing off the result of her practice from behind as her skirt rode up just enough.

This proved too much for Alice. She made a funny sound and reached for the hem of her own skirt, obviously getting a whole lot wetter. It was clear that in sphincter control she still had a lot to learn, desperately trying to stem the tide while clawing at her skirt. But eventually she gave up, parted her legs widely and wetted herself with all bells and whistles, hands on the outside of her thighs. Her eyes glistened even brighter than her waterfall. Alice was a conservative girl. Wetting your panties should be done openly and under a wide skirt, with your legs out of the way, and in wholesale quantities. She looked at Cindy and pushed harder. Cindy just winked and made sure that Alice could she her panties between her thighs. Alice skyrocketed to the stratosphere, leaving a trail of drops behind. 

When Alice had returned to earth and stood at the table again, audibly dripping onto her boots but for the rest just in her normal cheerleader gear, Cindy leafed to the back of the magazine and put up 'Most Embarrassing Moments.' Without saying anything, she pointed at 'Waterworld' in the top-right corner. Janice began to read: "I had to go to the bathroom really bad! I didn't have time before half-time, so I had to hold it in. I was doing pretty good until I went up in a liberty. The excitement was too much for me, and pee started spewing out like a waterfall. My spotters felt it run onto their heads and they let me down with a scream! They were all totally grossed out.

We started to cheer-off like nothing happened, when the head cheerleader slipped and broke her wrist. Let's just say I probably won't make it back into collegiate cheerleading next year. Kristina, Arizona." Everybody laughed: "Sissy! She should practice! Her spotters can't take a joke! Guess on what she slipped?" Diana shook her head and returned to the kitchen. She wondered how many cheerleaders actually practiced this kind of thing. It was so simple and yet so utterly out of line, it just *had* to be attractive to more girls than just their squad. And you could always pretend that it was an accident. 

She was just in time to see Ann carrying a plate of cold cuts to the table. Or better, seeing Ann holding the plate with both hands, facing Diana, and standing with her legs as far apart as required to prevent anybody from not thinking that she was wetting herself. "Going fine, Ann?" she smiled. Ann smiled back: "Not yet, Diana. Just enjoying that wonderful feeling of giving in with everything still on, and also, without hands! It's really different while holding something. Normally, you always need your hands for something---holding up your skirt, getting toilet paper, you know.

But in uniform, I can just go even while carrying this plate." She paused for a moment. "I can feel it coming, Diana. I'm not pushing, it just comes by itself. My little wetting showed it the way and now I don't have to do anything. It is as if... oh God here it is! Yes! In my uniform! Yes!" In one big flush, everything under her flaring white mini skirt got flooded and the warmth seemed to radiate up through her whole body. Ann moaned from pleasure as the stream leaked through her red cheerleader panties and clattered down onto the pavement. "Oh Diana I *love* this uniform. It is so practical for things like this, you really do not need to care." 

Ann continued wetting heavily into her cheerleader outfit for a while, and then unwillingly gave up, going into drip-dry mode, still keeping her legs safely apart to protect her white high boots. After the dripping had ceased, Ann shuddered from delight, and then just went on carrying the plate to the table. Diana watched the back of Ann's skirt closely, but she had managed to stay completely dry on the outside. Practice, practice, practice. It was not just a matter of letting go in your clothes---everybody could do that. A proper wetting, cheerleader's finest, needed to be carefully controlled and closely monitored. Pressure, flow, muscle tension, pose: everything mattered.

And Ann would be one of the best teachers in this Art. Her red panties peeked out from under her skirt when she put the plate onto the table, but even then nobody would have guessed that they were almost dripping wet. Ann came back to the kitchen now, glowing from pride and delight: "Diana, I've never before enjoyed any camp so much as this one. Here I am, in full gear, ready for anything, I can pee right in my pretty panties fully on purpose and nobody even blinks! Oh I wish this could go on forever."

Diana still smiled: "That depends on how tonight's experiment will work out. If it succeeds, you *can* wet yourself in full gear, everywhere." Ann giggled and lightly pranced towards the kitchen. Diana felt old for a moment, but then the slightly itchy feeling of wet panties tightly around her bum reminded her that age had nothing to do with having fun. She smoothed her skirt down, pulled her sweater tight, threw her long black hair over her shoulders and followed Ann inside, prancing like a little girl. 

During lunch, not much happened, except for a lot of jokes and hints. The only two dry girls left, Cindy and Melissa, nicely stayed dry, no matter what the others tried. When they all had enough, Ann brought in the specially bought crate of mineral water to refill, and they all tried to down a complete bottle. Only Jane succeeded, the rest would need to revisit the crate a second time later in the afternoon. The after-lunch-dip set in hard now, and most girls just went out to lay down on the lawn in the sun, or to lazily relax in one of the chaises longues.

They had no cushions, only plastic wires stretched over the width. The word 'lazy' got a whole new meaning when Janice decided that she could of course just go right there instead of walking over to the grass. She pulled her skirt away from under her bum, but made sure that it still covered the front of her panties without actually touching them, especially not between her thighs. Only somebody squatting at her feet would have been able to spot a tiny blue triangle. Janice put her hands behind her head, and lazily stretched herself out on the chair. 

Uniform wetting remained as exciting as ever. Slowly, she felt it coming up. It really took time to relax enough to just do it in her panties. But eventually Janice only had to push lightly if she would want to darken her triangle. This was her favourite game, staying as close to getting wet as possible but still being able to back out. It was still innocent, nobody would notice that she was on the edge. She could just open her knees to let a friend peek at her panties, yet with a simple push she would almost come on the spot and get a whole lot less innocent underwear at the same time. She did not have to clean up anything if she did not push, but would need a shower and a laundromat if she did. If somebody showed up right now, she could get up and behave normally, but after the little push, she would be embarrassed to say the least. It was wonderful. 

For the last time, Janice gazed down her body to her immaculate uniform. Then she imagined standing on the field in front of the crowd, panties just out of view, beamed in the sun, and pushed. The reward was immediate and intense. Because she was laying on her back, her warm wee needed to travel a long distance over her skin. It entered her panties almost on top, had to look for the lowest point for a moment, then slowly saturated the soft fabric of her underwear between her legs. Janice could not suppress a little shriek of surprise when all her nerves got stimulated this way. Quickly she pushed again and sent more warm delight into the private parts of her uniform.

She could feel it all going down. When it reached her bum, it first went far to the left and right, until it finally assembled at the bottom of her buttocks. From there, it dripped noisily down onto the pavement below the chair. Janice let out a single spurt at a time, and prolongued the delight for several minutes. The continuous caressing of her sensitive parts made her more comfortable than the chair's developers had ever dreamed of. Cozy in the warm sun, she completely relaxed and eventually managed to just keep her sphincter open, to let the wee trickle out in the same tempo as it was formed inside her body. The bottle was within easy reach. 

On the lawn, most girls had now agreed that they should dry as fast as possible in order to have at least one chance to go into a neat uniform again. They had just hiked up their skirts above their waists and exposed their panties to the glowing sun, making quite an exposition out there. Melissa and Cindy, the only two girls who were still completely dry, walked by and giggled. "Now that's a nice picture for in the university's news paper," Melissa grinned. "I wonder what it would do to our image."

Cindy just smiled. As a matter of fact, the view of several pretty girls with their skirts raised up and their wet panties in full view did excite her more than she wanted to admit to Melissa. Alice laid there as well, and she had never looked so attractive. For a moment, Cindy thought about just jumping her, but that would go to far. Such things still needed the privacy of a locked bedroom. Or a wet, freshly ploughed flower bed. She smiled and looked at Melissa: "Any idea how we can get wet in style? I can go enough now and my clean, spotless, pretty soft uniform panties are waiting!" A little pirouette flipped up her skirt and revealed that she told the truth. 

Melissa nodded and told that she wanted to go as well. "Let's see. We've done it standing up, squatting down, on a chair, in the showers, on the street, during games, at home and on camp. I've done it also in dancing outfit and on dates, you in short leather and everywhere I can think of. It seems that we are out of new ways." Cindy refused to believe that: "We're never out of new ways. There are always exciting new possibilities to vary on the theme. I really look forward to this evening. I suppose it will be wild and wet, don't you think?"

Melissa nodded again: "Yup, you bet. I will wear a mini, you and Alice will, Jane will... Jane! Imagine her in a mini with her panties flashing with every move! She will attract boys like honey attracts bees! I wonder whether she can cope with that. She acts like an extrovert self-aware woman, but I don't think she actually is. And then she still has to wee in her outfit. I bet it will take ages before she finally dares to do it in her panties, even under a skirt." 

Melissa overlooked the field and thought about something for a while. "You know," she said, "I wonder what it would have been if wetting your panties was an accepted form of behaviour. Such as with that silly sneezing comparison, but then for real. That you were not only allowed to wet yourself but also encouraged to go to the toilet in your skirt or dress. Cindy, did your mother ever found out about your hobby?" Cindy nodded: "Uh-hu, she did."

"How?"

"Well, actually, I mistakenly assumed she was not at home and was playing out in the garden." Melissa rose her eyebrows: "You got caught while doing it? Not by a silly mistake with the laundry, but in the act? Geez!" Cindy drew a line in the sand with her left toe. "Yes, it was rather obvious. I was standing with my legs wide open way before I began to wet, it could be nothing but intentional. She must have seen it all, from the thrilling first spurt to the final drop. Only when I finished up and turned around to enter the house again, I saw that she was standing there. Furtunately she did take it well. I got away with it."

"You did? Geez!"

"And you, Melissa? Did you ever wet yourself while being watched?" Melissa shook her head: "Not in that way, no, but there have been occasions where at least somebody knew that I was about to wet myself on purpose." 

They both sat down under a tree, nicely arranging their skirts around their thighs. "I had an open-minded aunt, and when she took us out into the woods on holidays, we usually got carte blanche concerning our clothes. As long as we did not rip them apart, anything was allowed, including climbing trees and throwing with dirt. Once I went over to her because I had to pee, but there being no toilets in the woods, she just wove me away, telling me to go anywhere I wished. With all the boys around, I did not feel like squatting and dropping my panties, so I protested a bit. She understood, and confidentially whispered to me: 'But of course you don't _need_ to drop your panties.' I looked at her with my eyes wide open, and she just nodded and said that my clothes needed to go into the laundry anyway. So I got dismissed with quite a clear message." 

"And?" Cindy inquired curiously. Melissa closed her eyes and shuddered from delight: "Of course I did not dare to do it at first, but when the urge to pee became stronger, I started really thinking about doing it. But I could not just wet myself like that. I wanted to be alone and out of view, as if I was going to pull my panties down for a normal pee! I roamed through the woods for quite a while, avoiding all others, looking for a spot to properly wet myself. But there was none, otherwise I would have used it already to squat down with my panties on my ankles. And with the others nearby, looking at me once in a while, squatting was out anyway. So I would have to do it standing up. The idea of going to the toilet in my dress just like that both excited and scared me, but with my bare legs little could go wrong. 

Eventually I was standing in my dress next to a tree, doubting what to do. Just then my aunt looked towards me from over the clearing, and saw me standing. She smiled and signed me to get on with it, as if she knew what I was up to. Well, probably she knew. Without much thought, I went behind the tree and spread my legs. It came almost immediately, I really had to go bad. As soon as I felt myself going wet, the fear for discovery went away and relief set in. Looking around me for spotters, I wet myself completely. Doing it all in my panties was not that hard after all.

And much to my surprise, I liked the feeling of pissing in my underwear with my dress still down. When I reappeared, my aunt was still watching, and when I shyly shrugged at her, she gave me a big thumbs up. Only then, I felt truly relieved. And from then on, every trip to the woods became a lot more exciting. I made sure I always wore a dress or a skirt, and in the car on the way there I already looked forward to the moment. Usually I wet myself right after leaving the car, while unloading our gear on the grass." 

Cindy sighed and wished such an aunt for herself. But of course she had the whole team. And the circumstances were good right now. She stretched herself out and then began to nicely pee in her panties. She could feel the warmth spread slowly under her skirt. It felt absolutely great, as always. Melissa was not even aware of this, still re-living her own childhood. She sighed as well, stood up, and stood next to the tree like years before, her legs opened a bit. When she got wet, a tear rolled down her left cheek. They must have been wonderful years, Cindy smiled to herself. 

(end of part 7c) 

