Between Nancy's junior and senior years in college she found a job as a toll collector on one of the state's highways. Nancy was to attend and occupy a tollbooth at one of the least traveled interchanges on the highway system.
Her position was created to allow the permanent and full–time toll takers some vacation time in the summer. She was to come in on Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 10:00 AM till 3:00 PM. Her pay was quite handsome compared to the other summertime jobs she had during her college years. 
She only had to be in the booth for four hours and she had an hour for lunch. She was provided with a uniform, which consisted of: a smoky gray cotton twill blouse and A–line skirt of gabardine which had an inverted center pleat and a dark blue stripe down each side. Nancy was tickled pink with this job and the people she worked with as they welcomed her wholeheartedly. After going through some training and apprenticing with an older tollbooth attendant Nancy was finally allowed to take a tollbooth under her command.
After several days she was completely in command and her supervisor said so in no uncertain terms. Nancy wondered; what could possibly go wrong. Read on.
On Nancy's fifteenth day, in the tool booth, she got into trouble. Trouble with her bladder, which she sometimes had trouble controlling. On this day she had checked back onto duty at 1:00 PM for her afternoon shift, which would end at 3:00 PM. She had used her lunch hour to shop and had ignored the slight swelling in her bladder. When she returned to the toll plaza she was told to relieve the third booth immediately. She wanted to protest but realized that any protest would be denied. If she pushed a protest she would be definitely fired from his cushy job.
When Nancy reported to her booth her slightly full bladder began to assert itself. Not to worry, thought she, as it is only a couple of hours before I get relieved. I can wait that long easily. A half hour later she was in the first throes of desperation. She got on the intercom and asked how long it would be before her relief showed up. The shift supervisor advised her that her relief would only show up when he was supposed to show up. Nancy didn't push it but she was starting to squirm and fidget.
By now, an hour later, her distended bladder was definitely seeking relief. Nancy called again over the intercom and asked if it was possible that her relief would be coming in early. The answer was an emphatic no. So far, Nancy had not told the shift supervisor that she needed to pee and needed to in the worst way. She simply did not want her supervisor to know that she had neglected to pee on her lunch break and that it had been several hours and more than several liquid refreshments since she had a chance to relieve herself. Nancy was now in the most desperate situation she had ever been in her life.
Her hands were shaking as she handed the customers their change, and quite often she had to stop bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet as a customer pulled up. She crossed her legs and stood. She pranced around the booth like a drum majorette kicking her knees high. She tried everything to keep from wetting herself but 15 minutes before she was to be relieved she knew it was only a matter of time before she wet herself. She called over the intercom again and was told that her relief may be a little late.
Nancy, on the verge of tears, said into the intercom "For God's sake, I've gotta pee." "Can't you get somebody out here?" All she heard was, "Hang on relief is on its way." And Nancy thought, "Not before I make a complete fool of myself."
She decided that unlike similar situations she experienced before she had the advantage of wearing a skirt. And, she had a container, which kept her from peeing in the bushes somewhere. She grabbed the trashcan and pulled it to the middle of the floor. She reached under her skirt and pulled the crotch of her panties to one side. Then she straddled the trashcan so as to pee into it without wetting anything else. While she made these preparations she failed to notice that a GMC carryall was approaching. 
When the carryall stopped with its family of four she was still in a straddle legged position over the trash can. Her bladder was screaming for relief. She had gathered as much skirt as possible into her right hand and pulled it up out of the firing line (pee stream). As she took in the twenty–dollar bill from the customer she wondered how much he could see of her through the small opening in the half–round doors enclosing her booth. She let her skirt go and used both hands as usual to make change.
As she was doing so she completely lost bladder control and began to pee. She peed and peed into the trashcan but her skirt was now stretched across her thighs and calves and therefore in the line of fire. She was wetting the front of her skirt, her hose and the trashcan. As she turned toward the cash register her right leg pushed the trashcan over her left foot where it tipped over and soaked her shoes and the floor of the booth. Nancy managed to give the customer his change and wished him a "Good trip" with a forced smile on her face.
She had peed all over herself, her hose, her skirt, and her booth. Her shoes squished when she moved her feet and her hose showed wet tracks down each leg. She looked and didn't see another vehicle approaching her booth. She yelled into the intercom. "Have my relief bring a mop." 
At 3:00 PM sharp her relief showed up. He stood shaking his head as Nancy mopped the floor with the mop he provided. Then she took the mop and trashcan and headed toward the locker room while her wet skirt and slip clung to her thighs. 
Nancy wanted to crawl into a hole, bawl her eyes out, and suck her thumb, but of course, neither of these actions was a viable option. She walked upright with head held high across four lanes to the locker room her wet skirt clinging to every step. In the locker room several others who had been relieved looked at her and snickered. Nancy had once again humiliated herself. But, two of the other ladies came up to her and said that the same thing had happened to them when they first started and that she shouldn't take it too hard. Nancy thought that in all the embarrassment she had gone through she had never actually wet her panties. They were out of the line of fire. With that encouraging fact in mind she went out and waited for Bruce to drive her home.
DaveJ