Emily and I had hit it off from the time we had first met at a political gathering. She had approached me to provide positive commentary on something I had said at the meeting. From then on, I could easily tell she was sucking up to me, praising my "brilliance," but in such a delicious way!
We dated for a few weeks. I invited her over to my place for dinner, and she reciprocated at hers. There's a considerable age difference between us, so initially we engaged as "friend and mentor." Then one weekend when we were out hiking in an isolated canyon, she turned to me and said coyly, "I need a bathroom, but I really detest the idea of dropping my trousers in this buggy place. Would you be terribly offended if just I went in my pants?"
You could have hit me with a bolt of lightning. I told her, "No," then stood there and watched as this tantalizing, slim, buxom young morsel slowly soaked her light–colored jeans from crotch to ankle. We walked back to trailhead with her in front and my eyes riveted on the fascinating pattern of rivulets on the back of her pants. It occurred to me that I could have pounded any offending rattlers with the hard rod straining within my own trousers!
That night at my place, Emily turned to me and said, "I got into your picture files the first night I was over here for dinner. I know what you like. You're mine now!"
I had no argument to counter that. After a short round of red–faced stammering and stuttering on my part, Emily took my hand and led me into the bathroom. She slid down her pretty panties, sat down on the toilet, and spread her legs to afford me a heavenly vision of her thick blonde crotch filaments as a golden stream poured out from underneath her. Then she led me off to bed, where her exclamations included, "My god! I had no idea it could be like this!"
Since that time, sweet Emily has made it a point to please me in any manner she can ascertain. She's sort of a hippy type who usually dresses in jeans and t–shirts, but she's allowed me to provide her with a snazzy, first class wardrobe with the shoes and bags and all the bells and whistles. Emily adores being out with me, attending a conference or whatever, and allowing a slim trail of urine to pour down her legs onto her designer shoes, with the crowd around us being none the wiser. This certainly has the effect of keeping me awake and alert, no matter how boring the lecturer!
She also likes to be in adult diapers when she's out with me. She'll turn to me suddenly and say, "Daddy, Emily panties getting very, very wet!"
I can't predict where all this is leading, but I'm certainly having the time of life while it lasts!
Sunchile