One day my husband (Don) and I were moving some furniture into a storage shed. When I had to pee, I realized that there were no toilets nearby. At first I crossed my legs when I had a chance and squeezed my pussy muscles real tight to keep from peeing in my panties. Crossing my legs helps me hold my pee if I don't have to go too bad but when I am desperate to pee I have to put pressure on my pussy. Sometimes I put my hand inside my panties and press on my peehole. Since no one was around, I was able to put my hand under my dress and hold my pussy from time to time. Before long I was crossing my legs, rubbing my pussy, pressing on my peehole and doing a nice little pee pee dance. I was wearing white cotton bikini panties with little green stars on them. When I couldn't wait any longer, I started to let out little squirts of pee into my panties. Soon my panties were soaked and I could feel pee trickling down my legs. I finally asked Don if there was anything I could pee in because I had to pee so bad that I had already wet my panties and I was about to have a major flood. 
Don knew I had to pee and he had been watching me fidget for some time. It turns him on to know that I have to pee and he loves to feel and smell my wet panties after I've peed in them. Sometimes he tries to keep me from peeing so I will squirt in my panties. One of his favorite things is to wait until I'm desperate to pee. Then he will have me lie down and hold my legs open. He says he wants to smell my panties or have a little taste of my pussy before I pee. He will play with my pussy thru my panties and rub my clit with his nose or pull my panties aside and tickle my peehole with his tongue.
I know he's trying to make me squirt pee because he knows how hard it is for me to hold my pee with him holding my legs wide open. Most times I will give him a big squirt of pee right in his mouth. He loves to put his tongue on my peehole and feel the pee squirt out on his tongue.
Back to the story: Don said: "The only thing I can find is this empty coke bottle. I'll even hold it for you." I pulled my dress up, took my soaking wet panties off and put them on a coffee table. As I squatted down pee was already dribbling on the floor. Don tried to hold the coke bottle under my pussy but my pussy lips were closed and pee was squirting out all over the place. When I have to pee that bad, I can't pee slow so the pee just comes gushing out, bumps against my pussy lips and sprays all over. Many times I spray pee on my own thighs when I have to pee real bad. If I don't take my panties off, I spray pee all over them. All of you ladies who have tried to pee in a soda bottle will know what I mean.
When I was finished there was about 3 inches of pee in the bottle and a big puddle on the floor. Don wiped my pussy with his handkerchief then put my wet panties in his pocket to play with later. The cool air on my panty–less pussy kept me horny all the way home. Don and I have a big laugh when we talk about that memorable pee. He blames me for peeing too fast. I just couldn't help it, when I relaxed my muscles the first big jet of pee almost knocked the bottle out of his hands. I always blame him for not holding the bottle under my peehole even though I know he couldn't help it because I was already doing little squirts of pee when I was taking my panties off.
I have peed in many other places but this is the most memorable. We had lots of fun too because we both love to play pee games and the pee didn't hurt that concrete floor.
LadyBene