A Girl Desperate To Pee
	(18-21 year old woman)
Posted by K4YL4 on February 24th, 2010 at 6:32PM

Okay to date I have only pissed myself once. And that was today.

I was at home, Bored, and decided to have some fun. I woke up at 6:30 AM today. I turned on the TV and it said I had no work today due to a power outage downtown. I went back to sleep. I woke up around 8 AM and really needed to pee. I thought about going but was too lazy to get up at the moment. So I just laid there for 15 or so minutes and got up to go to bathroom. The weather outside was horrible so I doubted anybody would show up.

So I decided not to go and entertain myself here at the house. I was gonna see how long I could hold it. My goal was to make it at least till noon but no later than 10 PM. I really doubted I would make it until 10 PM. In fact, I knew I wouldn't make it that long but a girl's gotta dream right? So I went into kitchen and drank one class of water in less than a minute. My stomach moaned and I felt a strong push in my bladder. I jumped back to keep myself from peeing right there. I was shocked that that little amount of water made me almost pee. So I kept my daily routine the same except for going to bathroom.

I decided I'd take a shower before the holding got too much to hold naked. So I was in the shower doing the pee pee dance to make sure I didn't accidently lose control and go in the shower ruining the fun. When I got out, I dried myself off and immediately got dressed. I decided since it was a little chilly out, I would wear two layers of clothes making it extra fun. I put on panties, a pair of white pantyhose and jeans. I was still holding and it was 11:45. The feeling of having to pee subsided and forgot I was holding it in. I was walking around the house cleaning. I decided it was too hot in the house for the double layer of clothes, so I decided to go for a walk in the woods.

It was after 2 PM when I felt the feeling of having to pee come back. I was sure I could hold it a bit more. I was getting more desperate as time went by. It was close to 5 PM and I was home watching TV when I finally lost my fight. I got up to get something to eat and while I was walking my bladder said enough and I just lost it all over the hallway. It felt SO good just letting all come out but I couldn't do it in the hall so I tried to run to the bathroom but I didn't make it there in time. My pee stopping coming out when I sat down on the toilet. And of course, I was doing the pee pee dance and crossing my legs the entire day. It was the most enjoyable thing I've ever done!

