Gina Marstin sat at her computer with her hand between her legs trying to prolong the inevitable... a trip to the bathroom to relieve her torturously full and visibly swollen bladder. It wasn't that this would provide any help in keeping her silky white nylon panties dry; they had hosted her deliciously wet pussy for quite some time before her desperation (and her fingers) had entered the picture. As she contemplated her trip to the bathroom she thought how she, always so prim and proper, had arrived at this point.
She and her husband were opposites in everything they did. She was an early riser and he liked to sleep in. Since their bedroom time was so different, they discovered early in their 12–year marriage (the second for both) the need for separate bedrooms. That was coupled with the fact that her husband snored with a sound level approaching that of a locomotive horn. They also had their own computers in their bedrooms and both were active in emailing friends and relatives.
Gina had been up very late that night having slept in the car while her husband Ed had driven them back to Los Angeles from their Las Vegas weekend. She had received an errant email from a man who had obviously miss–typed his intended addressee. Gina could not believe her eyes! Here was a man talking about the joys of pissing with sex! The man, who called himself Neptune, evidently corresponded with another man regarding sex and wetting. Both were married and sure their mates would divorce them immediately if their interests were discovered. They exchanged fantasies by email and discussed what they liked about wet sex. Now, Gina had led a quiet and protected life and when she had been discovered in her pissy wet panties as a teen, she had been told how sick and perverted this was and was to never entertain such thoughts again. Bring a good girl, she abandoned her wet play at once and soon forgot about it except for the occasional erotic dream...until that email. She thought of the joys the man had described and soon the memories of her hot teen pussy pissing in her panties as she masturbated came flooding back.
Unfortunately, she was too inhibited, too scared of discovery, just too afraid to wet herself now, after all these years. Her husband, a very dignified and moral man, would surely divorce her at once. So, she had contrived to email the man who had mistakenly written her, and over the course of a few days had learned that she was not the only one interested in wetting and that she indeed did very much want to do it again. Still, she could not. She had come close tonight.
Neptune, as he called himself, had suggested online chatting. As they had chatted into the night, she felt the need to pee, then a more insistent and pleasurable need. He had wet himself while chatting with her and described the warm feelings to her as he masturbated. Gina so wanted to wet herself, to flood her panties, to turn them and silky baby–doll nightgown yellow with her wetness. She simply could not let go. It had been almost a surprise, finding her hand buried deep in her throbbing pussy, rubbing furiously as the conversation became more and more erotic. Gina had always been very vocal during sex and she had struggled to control her voice as she climaxed violently, her swollen nipples competing with the keyboard for her attention. Still, she had not been able to release her pee, and now, she must get to the bathroom.
As she stood, her full and distended bladder threatened to overcome even her most insistent inhibitions as a sudden tremendous urge filled her. She quickly hurried out of the room to the hall as her panties became just a bit moister. As she turned to enter the dark bathroom, she was suddenly embraced from within, held tightly, closely. The sudden shock and the tightness of her husband's embrace were too much even for Gina's inhibitions as nature prevailed and she began to leak her accumulated female fluids. Slowly at first, then suddenly a hissing torrent of Gina's hot woman piss sprayed through her panties, onto her husband and the bathroom floor. Confused and shocked, she wondered so many things... had Ed seen her masturbating? Why was he naked? Would he divorce her? She tried to spare her husband and struggled to pull away... until she realized his hard dick was also spraying hot piss, between them and over her breasts. Now dizzy with relief, desire and confusion she allowed Ed to hoist her enveloping heat onto his rigid still–pissing manhood. Impaled to the hilt on his hardness she heard Ed's voice...."It's ok Wet Lady, Neptune is here with you and he loves you more now than ever". As the accumulated passion and heat of denied pleasures overcame them, Gina and Ed came, intensely, wetly, hot... Gina slowly drifted back to earth, stammering weakly, "Ed, what happened, how did you, oh God Ed, that was so wonderful, how could..." As Gina's sexy voice trailed off, Ed answered all her questions with one of his own, "Gina, love of my life," he said softly, "How long have you been talking in your sleep?"
King Neptune