I wanted to write about my experience today.
Firstly, I am a 23 year old lady, normal I suppose in most ways – except that I like the look of my body and I am a little kinky. I have always liked to be a showoff. I sometimes like to do things like show my panties in public or funny things like that. And ever since I was young, I have enjoyed wetting myself.
I haven't done this for a while, but over the past couple of days I have seen some wetting sites on the internet, and it excited me. So today, I decided I would pee in public for the first time.
I started off early, by drinking enough water at home that I nearly felt sick, and left straight for the train to the city. Once on there, I already needed to go – but I wanted to see if I could hold it!
Well, as you could guess on a 50 minute train ride, bumpy and shaky as it is, I was in quite a bit of discomfort – but excited all the same. I am glad to say I made it to the station, but as I was getting up to go to the doors for my station, it started. Just a little spirt – but enough to soak my crotch. I am sure no one saw that though, as I wore a nice short skirt so it wouldn't get wet and give me away if I did anything!
I couldn't beleive myself already – here I was, busting to pee, and if I was at home I would have let it go, but I was in public. And I had just walked past the toilet, though I was already wet! I was shaking from nervousness.
My next 'stop' was the escalator – and a rather long one at that. I seemed to be ok when I was walking, but as soon as I had to stop, I couldn't hold it any longer – but I didn't want to cross my legs or anything – so I just let it go for about 5 seconds. If anyone noticed, they didn't say anything, but it made me so horny that if I had put my hands between my legs, I am sure I would have come!
I was so excited – my first 'public' peeing experience, and I got away with it! From there though, I went straight to the ladies and finished off – without taking off my panties.
I tried to go about my business for a little longer that day, but I just couldn't focus. I could feel the damp panties in my crotch, and if I spread my legs a litte under my desk I could see the big damp patch in the middle of my panties – so I left work and went for a walk.
I was already 'wanting' to go, but certianaly not like this morning – so I went first to the Irish pub and got myself a guiness, and then another. It went straight to me head because I hadn't eaten, but it gave me a new boldness.
I went straight from there to the Myer centre, and headed for the escalators – I was so excited about the morning I wanted to do it again. As soon as I got on I tried to pee again – but I couldn't – there was a guy a the side of the escalator looking up my skirt! It made me hornier again.
Being too nervous to let anything out, I went to the botanical gardens. When I got there, there were people everywhere (lunchtime), and I decided this was my time. I went to a kind of crowded spot on one of the grassy hills, and lay down, spreading my legs a litte – with my skirt I know I had a coupld of guys moving so they could watch me. And so I relaxed (with the help of good Irish beer), and let it all go – every last drop....
And that was my day today. As I sit here, still in my recently wet panties again (but at home), I thought you might like to know I had the best orgasm in my life – all from my first public pee.
No doubt, I will be out and about again someday, when I get up the guts.
Upwet