'Life is good,' thought Bill Williams as he cruised down the freeway. The college girls in the red convertible had slowed alongside his service van, allowing him a good look at their bikini clad bodies as they headed for a day at the beach. He was pretty sure the redhead had to pee, at least that's what she said to her friend who was driving. Bill really liked girls who needed to pee. The way she had been wriggling on the seat, he believed her! Bill worked all over Southern California doing bank maintenance for a national company. The job offered varied scenery, good pay and freedom in scheduling his time. The fringe benefits of driving the Southern California freeways had to be seen to be believed. He had been driving to a service call at a bank near where he lived. He needed to pee, too– very much so.
Bill arrived at the bank around 3 pm. He had been called from another city and had eaten a late lunch and then driven 80 miles to this call. He had also consumed one of those monster 64–ounce soft drinks and was really in a desperate situation. About 30 miles into the journey, he felt the need to pee, but decided he would be okay to make the trip. As he arrived near the city of his call, he had run into traffic... lots of traffic. This resulted, with some 10 miles still to go, in a bit of leakage into his pants. It was just enough to show, but he knew now he had to go directly into the restroom if he had any hope of making it without totally pissing his pants. Of course, it wouldn't be all that bad if he did, he thought, teasing himself. It certainly wouldn't be the first time. Kneading his straining dick to keep from peeing more, he finally pulled into the bank parking lot.
Slinging his tool pouch over his shoulder, he climbed out of the truck as another squirt of hot pee escaped the confines of his bladder, exiting his dick and entering his already yellow pee soaked underwear. Unfortunately, it didn't stay there and the spot on his uniform pants grew accordingly. He told himself that the warm wetness did not feel that good, knowing it was a lie. Hurriedly positioning his tool pouch to hide his crotch, he noticed the wet spot he was trying to hide had grown to more than baseball sized. As he entered the busy bank, he quickly spotted the manager and requested access to the facility. Thankfully the manager did not delay and sent Teresa Sanchez, a young buxom Mexican girl, out with the key to allow him entry upstairs. As he opened the stairwell door for Teresa, another squirt of wetness besieged his sodden underwear. Teresa, thankfully, was in a hurry and did not notice. He looked on in appreciation as her full hips, covered in a short pleated skirt flaring wide at the bottom, swayed in front of him. Man oh man, would I like to see her wet herself... wait a minute... Was Teresa walking kind of funny? She didn't seem to have her normal sensuous gait. In fact, she was moving stiffly, carefully, and taking small steps. Teresa appeared to be quite desperate. Bill was sure of it when she bit down on her lower lip as she started up the stairs. He heard her breathing stop for a second as she hesitated on the first step, then she said something he couldn't quite hear.
Teresa had been on duty in the teller line since before lunch time and was due to go off duty for her break 2 hours ago, but the busy day had not allowed that, and now, finally, she was about to be relieved. She really needed this relief, considering the liquids she had consumed at lunch along with her morning coffee, which now threatened to fill her panties and flow down her shapely legs. As she left her station, she knew she had to visit the restroom at once. Seeing Bill, the repairman enter the building, she offered to take him upstairs for the manager since she was going there anyway. Besides, she liked Bill... she hoped he liked her. She liked the way he looked at her and she felt his smile warm her sex as she raised her eyes to greet him. He made her moist inside. "Oh!" Teresa said suddenly, as a fresh squirt of pee warmed her panties. Bill looked at her questioningly, and she simply smiled and said, "I really must hurry!"
They walked around to the back room of the facility and entered the stairwell. As Teresa started up the first step, she stopped, trying desperately to close her loosening peehole. A shot of her warm woman pee still escaped, and Teresa held very still for a second, concentrating on closing her leaking pussy, praying not to lose it. Bill gazed in appreciation at her beautiful bottom pushed out in front of him. She resumed her trek now, in a great hurry and as she stepped onto the 4th step, her high heel shoe lost its purchase on the stair tread, and she fell, suddenly and heavily, backwards. As she hit Bill's chest full force, he instinctively grabbed her around her hips from behind and found his hands buried in her crotch, with both of them still falling backwards. Landing at the bottom of the stairs in a large box of empty plastic bottles used for some promotional display, they were not injured. However, when the sudden shock of falling had hit, they both lost all control of their bladders and there they sat, Bill in a sitting position with his legs over the edge of the box and Teresa in his lap, her pleated skirt up in front and back, with Bill's hands in her crotch. Both were peeing uncontrollably. As Bill sat there pissing his pants, he suddenly realized that Teresa was pissing her panties and his hands were right there in it! It was a dream come true for him and he took full advantage of it, rubbing his finger gently against the wet nylon of her still– flowing panties and feeling his own piss flowing as well, soaking everything that they both were wearing. As his piss ran out, Bill realized Teresa was moving against him, grinding her hot pissy wet pussy against his straining hard dick. Teresa wanted Bill's tool in her and she reached around to remove his swollen hardness from its yellowed soggy pissy prison. Teresa sighed and shuddered as he massaged her burning pussy through her wet panties. The lusty young beauty finally freed Bill's rigid hardness, stroking its length with her piss–soaked hand. She slipped her sodden panties aside and fell heavily on Bill's swollen inflamed member, ramming it hard and fast up her hot hole, skewering herself on its length. This was more than she could have hoped for. She had wanted Bill since she first met him, but she had no idea he would respond to her pee games as he had. When she had started up the stairs, it was a sudden shot of pee that had found its way under her shoe, causing the fall. She was peeing fully and uncontrollably when she hit Bill's chest and had nearly cummed when he had grabbed her around her hips with his hands lost in her pissing crotch. At that point she wanted him more than she had ever wanted anyone. Teresa neither knew nor cared where she was now, only passion mattered. Breathing heavily, she began to slide up and down his shaft, still pissing her panties, the squishing noises punctuated by piss shooting out of their clothing as their weight came together with Bill buried deeply in Teresa's smoldering heated hole. Their thrusts shook the floor as they slammed together again and again, faster, with both making unintelligible noises, the smacking sounds from their piss soaked bodies echoing in the open stairwell. Bill and Teresa came hard, writhing in passion, adding hot cum juices to the sea of fragrant warm piss already collected in their clothes. Satiated, the reality of their whereabouts intruded on the pissy–coupled couple's bliss, calling them back to earth. The pissy pair knew they had little time before someone came through the door and caught them in their wet piss–adventure. Thankfully the noise in the crowded bank masked both the sound of their fall and the noises made during their unscheduled passionate wet sexual encounter. Thinking quickly, Bill and Teresa rushed upstairs, washing out their clothes in the restroom sinks and drying them in the hand dryers.
Teresa started to go downstairs as the door opened below and another employee went to break. Just in time! They had gotten away with it! Bill smiled at Teresa as she left to resume her post. He had her phone number and address. They would be going out together soon. Life is good, Bill thought.
Bill went to inspect and repair the air conditioner he had been called out to take care of. He quickly found the problem and completed the repair. Calling downstairs, he requested that the manager, Julia Crandall, come up to inspect his work and sign the repair ticket. She indicated that she would be up shortly. Hearing the door below, Bill watched as the 43–year old sexy blonde bank manager came up the stairs. He liked her. Julia Crandall had a mischievous smile quite often, he thought. She also had a great body, nice legs, full, well–shaped womanly hips, a tiny belly and magnificent breasts, the kind with huge bases that make her whole chest into breasts. The low cut top of her white pants suit exposed a third of them to his vantage point above. Julia looked up, catching him looking down her top. It wasn't the first time. She was not smiling this time, though. She had an odd grimace on her face. Bill's heart leaped to his throat and his lunch threatened to re–appear as he observed the videotape in her hand. "Bill, I think there is something we need to discuss," she said, waving the tape.
Following Julia into her office, Bill reddened as his fears were confirmed. Julia had a tape from the security camera in her hand. He had completely forgotten the stairwell camera and motion detectors! Bill was pretty sure that he was about to lose his job. He heard Julia's voice, now cold and business–like. "Close the door, please," she ordered. Julia stood in front of him, her hands on her hips. "I think you have some explaining to do, Bill. Why didn't I get the first turn?"
Bill blinked; unsure of what he had heard as she continued. "Well, it's certainly my turn now!" she said as the crotch of her pantsuit turned yellow and her hot piss flowed down her legs, pooling around her feet. As Julia's pantsuit fell sloshing to the floor, he could see piss still flowing from her beige satin panties.
'Yep,' Bill thought, 'life is good!'
King Neptune