I was going away for a weekend up north with a girlfriend – we had been friends for years, and decided to 'catch up' as we had not seen each other too much for a while. So we booked a room together, and went.
Now I should point out that though I like to look at other girls, I have never been with one before, so this weekend took me by suprise!
It started out in the car – it is a 6 hour drive north, and Kathy has a 4WD – so it could make it all in one go.
We had breakfast together, with the unlimited coffee that McDonalds offers to survive the boredom of the drive, and left.
Needless to say, the unlimited coffee doesn't just evaporate – about 2 hours into the trip it was redally time to go. I asked Kathy to pull over and she just looked at me and said 'you can hold it'. I noticed she was wiggling her legs around too, so I thought she would stop soon for herself...
About 20 minutes later, we still hadn't stopped. My legs were now crossed, and I had a hand up my skirt between my legs to stop from peeing. I begged Kathy to stop and she just said she knew I could do it – yet she had a hand between her legs also by now, so I knew it couldn't be long.
And it wasn't – she pulled off at the next exit, and went into the service station at a real speed – I suppose she had to go – but the speed hump was just too much – I let out a massive stream onto the seat, and got amazlingly embarrassed – I have never peed in front of a friend before!
Kathy just looked over at me and smiled – and then headed straight back onto the freeway... I still hadn't caught onto anything yet – so I was apologetic and hysterical at the same time! I couldn't beleive she would tease me like that!
And then I nearly fell out of the car when Kathy said 'you could probably hold it if you masturbate – it works for me'. I just crossed my legs all the more – but about 2 minutes later another spirt came out, and I begged her to stop again.
Kathy just said 'no, you just need to play with yourself – watch', and proceeded to pull up her skirt, revealing a sexy pair of damp panties, and started to rub herself! I decided 'what the hell' and started myself...
Well, to those of you who haven't tried it – it doesn't work. Not long after I started I peed all over her floor, all over my hands and through my panties – and then orgasmed. I looked over to see that Kathy had also peed herself, and was smiling at me – It was then that it caught on that was her plan all along. I should have guessed – she was always open and daring, but I never would have thought a high school friend enjoyed peeing too! I suppose that is why her truck has plastic seats...
Well, I opened right up then and we learned that at about the same age we had discovered peeing, and the enjoyment of it. I had orgasmed first, and once, we had even peed during the same class (PE – outdoor stuff).
When we got to our town, and had basically dried off (it was about 32 degrees C), Kathy suggested we do it again on the beach.
So we went down to the beach, and though there were quite a lot of people there, peed for each other to watch – I sat down and watched the pee come out of her panties as she squatted in front of me, then I did the same for her.
Well, we had a 2 night stay booked, and i already new it would be something like I had never experienced before!
After we had booked into the hotel, Kathy suggested we 'clean up' – there was a spa so I suggested that, and we agreed. I offered for Kathy to go first, but she said we could share – it was a 3 person sized spa.
Still being kind of modest I stepped into the full spa with my panties still on – I thought we would only share pee experiences (though I had masturbated right in front of her). but Kathy stripped right down and jumped in first, so I took off my panties and sat in.
We sat at either side, and I had a good view of her naked body – damn she is sexy. I always envied her looks in high school cause all the guys went after her! So we talked about a few things and got back onto peeing. We talked more about our experiences – I told her about my public fetish (which she had never done) – she told me about the two guys she had peed on. by the end of it, I was so tunred on I could have orgasmed right there – and I even realised my hand was between my legs (I must have put it there in the excitement of her story). I really wanted to masturbate again, so I suggested we lay down for a rest – the plan was that I would get the bed first night, Kathy the second – the looser was to get the couch.
I got out and was dry first, and layed down on the bed, dying for Kathy to go out so I could play with myself. She came into the bedroom, squatted over me and said 'I bet I know what you want' and peed over my breasts!
I wasn't ready! I had no idea it was coming, and no idea what to do. I reached for my own pussy and rubbed myself, until Kathy, obviously having thought out what she wanted, got me to do the same to her – and then the rest followed. It was the best orgasm I have ever had, and the first time I have made love to another girl...
Later that evening, now knowing each other much better than we ever did in high school, we went out for dinner. We planned to pee this time, both wearing short skirts and panties. We went to about three pubs, had a coupld of games of pool (flashing ourselves to hit the balls) and finally were busting so much we couldn't wait any longer – so I suggested we go to the coffe club I saw and sit in a corner booth. We ordered our coffees, and I even peed a little waiting at the counter – then we went to our booth and I think I peed before even sitting down I was so desperate! Kathy peed there too, and we then drank our coffees and got out of there...
Well, the weekend pretty much followed that schedule – we peed on the beach and in a couple of resuarants, and once we even both peed in jeans in the main streey (and then stripped down to our bikini's so we could walk back to the motel)! But I had the most wonderful time of my life, and though Kathy and I won't probably see each other for another few months, will enjoy the thought of it for a long time to come yet....
And to be truthful, I have just wet myself again typing this story....
Love,
Upwet