This story is laid mostly in an internee camp of 1942, through the recollections of a former female inmate, and told somewhat in flashback style. The story itself is fiction, but incorporates much of what has been written by real persons with similar experiences. It involves mild bondage (internment), watersports, exhibitionism, and consensual sex involving two very full bladders. MF w/s bond desp hold–it 
Emily Vorgstrom stood before the crowd of students, assembled to hear her recount her wartime experiences as an internee in the Far East during World War II. It was something she found herself doing more frequently lately, for the passage of time had seemed to reawaken an interest in those long–ago events among the younger generation. Emily had become active in social and political affairs in recent years, and had developed a talent for public speaking. Her war experiences were a frequent topic she was asked to discuss.
She had addressed this group of students for nearly an hour, going over the events through which she had lived, and its relevance to present times, at least as she saw them. She always enjoyed the interest the audience showed, particularly younger ones. This time, her husband Dan was in the audience, listening to her recount stories he had heard many times before. He thought Emily was a good speaker, something he was uncomfortable at doing, and was content to hear her tell of events they had both shared.
Emily had been born Dutch, and had grown up in the East Indies (then under Dutch rule) in the years before the war. As a young woman a bit over twenty, she had met her husband, Dan Vorgstrom, when he came as an American technician to work in the Indies in 1940. They had married there, and had been swept up in the events of 1941 and 1942 when the area was overrun by the Japanese invasion. Under the occupation, most of the foreign population was rounded up and held in internment camps.
This had happened to Emily and Dan. As a young couple, without children, they were taken into custody and soon dispatched to be held in a prison camp for internees. As was the custom of their captors, men and women were separated and held in different places; or, as was the case with Emily and Dan, in separate compounds of the same camp.
After describing the historical events of the war, Emily usually described what the camps were like, and how they were treated, for this seemed to interest the audiences the most.
Emily had been taken into the women's compound, along with about a hundred other women, mostly Dutch, British, or Australian. They ranged in age from little girls to old women well over seventy, and there were a few small boys with them. Boys were kept in the women's unit, with their mothers or family members, only if they were younger than about six; older boys went into the men's compound. The women had to work, not so much for their captors, but to sustain their own lives. They were provided rudimentary supplies, a quantity of food rich in rice (the staple of the area), some vegetables, and once in a while a chicken or a few fish. The food kept them above starvation level, but it was hardly abundant. They had to do their own cooking and cleaning. The water supply consisted of system to catch rainwater. In the wet climate, it provided them adequate water to drink and cook, but there was little left for bathing or washing. They had a makeshift shower for bathing, b! ut of course no hot water. The women soon limited themselves to two cold showers a week.
There were a few nurses among the inmates, and they tried to attend to medical needs with whatever supplies they could find. Grooming and hygiene was minimal, as they had little to work with. Each woman, if she was lucky, had come with a small bag of clothing and whatever she could scrape together when she was arrested, and some that had been picked up away from their homes had nothing but what they wore. Cosmetics were quickly abandoned as nonexistent. A few of the women had razors, but the blades soon became dull and unusable, and the women found no way to sharpen them. They gave up shaving legs and underarms, and hairy legs and bushy armpits became badges of being internees.
While the men were in a separate compound and no visiting was allowed, there were attempts to communicate. Sometimes a guard could be induced to carry a message from one to the other. At one point the two compounds were close enough that rock with an attached message could be tossed, by a strong thrower, from one to the other. Sometimes voices of men could be heard by the women, but any unduly loud yelling was quickly quelled by the guards, so little communication was done in this way.
Frequently Emily was asked about the abuse she endured. She was quite frank about it. While there were rumors of women being raped or physically abused in other places, she had not seen it in the camp she was in. It probably happened, but it was not rampant. The abuse she received was more subtle.
The camp commander, a minor tyrant she thought, enforced discipline among his troops. They were not permitted to enter the women's barracks except in cases of disorder or a suspected infraction of rules. While the soldiers usually stayed out of the buildings, the women soon realized that suspected rule infractions seemed to occur at times the women could be expected to be dressing or undressing, when soldiers would burst in unannounced and proceed to search the area while the women hastily tried to cover up.
The guards were all male soldiers. Emily never saw a female among them. Thus all of the inspections were by men. While it did often occur, surprise inspections were made in other private areas. If an inspection was to be made of the shower facility, it was invariably made while a woman was using it. An inspection of the toilets never seemed to occur unless two or three women had just gone in to use them. Thus the women were subjected to little assaults on their privacy.
The camp commander also had his own methods of discipline for the prisoners. While the women gave him little trouble, realizing their fairly helpless situation, some did answer with sarcastic remarks or open insults. If displeased, the commander would prescribe discipline. One woman, after such an incident, was ordered to drink a large amount of water, well over a liter, and then compelled to stand in an open area for a prolonged period, under the watchful eye of her guards, and with no opportunity to relieve herself. Eventually, when she could hold it no longer, she wet herself in her dress, much to the delight of the soldiers. Another woman, after giving the commander some particularly harsh back talk, was ordered to strip in the middle of the compound and made to stand there naked, exposed to everyone's view, for over four hours.
Frequently the commander would summon inmates to his office, situated in a small building. To be summoned was not a happy event, for it frequently implied a suspected rule infraction; but often it concerned merely matters of camp administration or work assignments. The women were not viewed as sources of military intelligence, but were often interrogated on their personal histories and skills. Whatever the reason, the commander seemed to enjoy humiliating the women he needed to talk to.
Initially, women summoned to the office were simply required to leave their shoes outside the door. The women saw this as a simple observance of a common oriental custom. However, soon the commander decided that this was not enough to humiliate the women into proper respect, so he extended the rule. Each inmate entering the office had to remove her dress (or whatever outer garment she had on) outside, under the watchful eye of a guard, and leave it with her shoes before entering. Thus she was made to enter in whatever underwear she had on. A few of the women had slips, but for most, this meant going in dressed in panties and a brassiere, both increasing ragged as time went on. This not only humiliated the woman, but encouraged her to be cooperative so as to get the matter over as quickly as possible. If she was not compliant in whatever was asked of her, he would commit the final assault on her modesty by commanding her to remove her underclothes and hold them in her ! hands, behind her back, while she had to stand in front of his desk naked, until the business was completed.
While Emily had asked about her husband during her confinement, she learned little. Requests to visit were simply not entertained, although the women often asked. Probably the men did, too.
When Emily finished her recanting of the story, she took questions from her audience. Today, she was asked by one young lady, "Did you ever see your husband while you were in the camp?"
Emily responded, after a bit of hesitation, "Yes, just once. We did have a visit". She turned to another questioner, but the young lady persisted, "How did you manage that?" It was obvious that Emily wanted to get away from the subject, for she just said "The commander allowed it, but just once in all that time, " and she then went to the next question.
Emily enjoyed these opportunities, but they ended eventually, and Dan greeted her as she prepared to leave. "I thought you were getting in deep water, there, with that one question, but you handled it well. You got away from the subject, fast!"
"Do you blame me? What was I going to tell her?" 
"Emily", Dan went on, "are you ever going to tell people about that visit we had? Don't tell me you have forgotten it!" 
Emily smiled at her husband of over forty years, and answered, "So long as I live, I will never forget it! It was the most romantic incident of that awful time. But how could I ever talk in public about something like that? What would our grandchildren think if they ever heard it?"
"I think, my darling wife," said Dan, "they would relate to it a lot better than you feel they would. You might be very surprised!" 
As they left for the trip home, Emily reflected on that visit of forty years ago. How, indeed, could you ever discuss it with her family or friends? But, then, again, how could she ever forget it. She and Dan shared a memory of that time, often so tragic and awful, yet with its remarkable moments. Her mind went back to a morning in 1942.
Emily was summoned to the commander's office. This, she knew, was never good news. It was morning, on this warm tropical day, and she approached the office with trepidation. Outside, she performed the required abandonment of her modesty, as she shucked off her dress and placed it beside her shoes at the door, while a soldier watched, his eyes missing nothing. Then, in a ragged bra and panties now showing some small holes, she entered, fearful of what was coming next.
The commander kept her standing before him a few minutes, before he addressed her. "Mrs. Vorgstrom, correct?" "Yes", she replied.
"Mrs. Vorgstrom, your husband is Dan Vorgstrom, right? " Again, she gave her assent.
"as you are aware, he is held here also. It has been three months, now, that both of you have been here. Would you like an opportunity to visit with him?"
Emily gaped. This was unheard of. She wondered what kind of conditions were about to be attached. 
"Mrs. Vorgstrom, we are going to let you have a visit with your husband today. You can not only talk to him, you may touch him, embrace if you wish, stay with him as long as you want, so long as you both abide by the rules." 
This was unbelievable. To actually be with Dan, to see him, even be in his arms. But what would be the rules?
"And what are the rules?"
"Quite simple. I will turn you over to one of my officers, who will arrange it. We will allow you to be together in a designated area. Of course, you cannot be alone. There will be some of the men who will keep their eyes on you. You will have to comply with some instructions on how you are to dress, and until the visit I can allow you no food, only water to slake your thirst. During your visit, you must remain in the designated area, you will both have to remain standing at all times, and of course, you must attend to your toilet functions while you are outside the area, not during the visit. As long as you comply with these rules, you will be allowed to continue your visit."
Emily could not understand why they were allowing this. Somewhere, she suspected, there would be something they weren't telling her. It sounded like they were trying to insure they refrained from any intimate embrace, by insisting they stay on their feet and comply with a dress code. Probably they wanted to tease the two of them a bit by letting them meet, but denying them any intimate contact. She didn't care. All she wanted was the chance to see Dan. She did wonder why he had mentioned "toilet functions" – were they going to have them meet in a bathroom, or something like that?
Later, Emily would reflect that she was probably chosen for this visit because there were few women there who had husbands near her age. While the women were of varying ages, most of the men were either much older, or just boys. The young men, for the most part, had been in the military services of their countries, and had not been around to be interned. Dan, as an American, had not yet been swept up in America's rearming, which came long after Europe's war began.
This day, however, she was concerned only with seeing Dan. A junior officer, speaking much less English than the commander, came and escorted her out the door. As she passed the door, she stooped, attempting to pick up her dress and shoes. She was stopped by her escort. "No – leave! Get later!" was all he said, as he pushed her along into a small vehicle.
Emily was indeed embarrassed about her condition, but all that really mattered to her right now was seeing Dan. She had been unable to even get a message across the fences, although intermediaries had assured her he was all right and still there. Now she was going to get to see him, but, she thought, what a mess I am. She considered that she was dressed only in bra and panties, ragged at that; she was wearing no make–up, she hadn't had a bath in four days, her legs were hairy with over two months of growth and her underarms were sprouting hairy bushes. 
The officer took her to a larger building, where she was ordered out. She was taken into a small room, bare except for a table and chair. "Sit" she was told. She sat, and waited.
A soldier came in, with a large pot of water, and a cup. It was placed on the table. He left. She waited.
After half an hour or so, the officer returned. "Drink!" he commanded. She dipped the cup into the water and took a drink from it. Standard rainwater, the camp's regular stuff, she decided. She put the cup down.
"More!" commanded the officer. She took another cup, wondering where this was leading.
About eight cups later, her stomach was feeling decidedly full. But there was still water in the pot, and as fast as she emptied the cup, the officer ordered her to refill it and drink again. He finally gave her a bit of information. Looking at his watch, he announced, "Meet husband – one hour. You have –– long visit!" 
She took this to mean she would see Dan in a hour. But now her mind was beginning to put together the pieces of the commander's instructions. She was obviously being filled up with water. She would need to urinate. She had been told no "toilet functions" would be allowed during the visit. Would they allow her to pee before the visit? Unlikely, she thought. They are going to make me hold this water while I meet Dan, and I will only be allowed to stay with him as long as I can hold it!
She guessed right. In about fifty minutes, another officer came. He motioned to her to remove her remaining clothes, and leave them on the table. He had a long piece of cloth in his hand, the purpose of which was not immediately clear. Helpless to resist but fearful of what was coming, she took off the bra and panties and laid them on the table. "Can I please pee?" she asked, almost begging. The officer pointed to her now bare crotch with its patch of hair. "Pee? Pee?" he seemed to ask, then answered "No Pee! Visit now – pee later!" 
He produced the cloth, which he then used to blindfold her. It was placed over her eyes, and tied. One of the officers then took her hand, and led her, naked, out of the room.
She was really worried now. She expected to see Dan, but she couldn't imagine how they were going to do it. She felt utterly humiliated, walking naked and blindfolded, having no idea who was looking at her. He bladder was becoming uncomfortably distended, and getting worse by the minute.
She was led for a time, through several doors. She could hear voices of men, and assumed that many were around. She assumed they were probably looking at her. Finally they came to a place where she was told, "steps!" and her hand was placed on an object in front of her. Unsteadily, unable to see, she was steered up several steps onto a smooth surface. "Wait!" she was commanded.
She stood there, not knowing who was looking at her, but hearing men's voices all around. Through the blindfold she could sense strong light, so she knew she was standing in a well lit area, with many men around. Where was Dan?
After what seemed an eternity, but probably was really only ten minutes, an officer, speaking a bit more English, stepped to her and removed the blindfold. She was shocked at the scene.
She was standing on a platform, perhaps twelve feet square, in the middle of a large, well lit room. Soldiers, perhaps fifty or more, were gathered, seated and standing, around the periphery of the room. Across from her, a naked man, blindfolded, was being guided up the steps to the platform. She immediately recognized him as Dan, her husband. Her heart jumped. He looked fairly good; he had several days growth of beard and looked a bit dirty, but it was still Dan! She wanted to reach out and grab him, but the officer held her back for a moment.
He addressed them both, as Dan's blindfold was being removed. "You may be together here as long as you want, as long as you follow the rules. Both of you must remain standing at all times. If you sit or lie, even for a moment, the visit is over. You must stay on this platform, and neither of you may pass water, or the visit is terminated. Now you may enjoy your visit; you may talk, touch, do anything, ANYTHING, you want, as long as you keep the rules!"
Emily ran to Dan, and they embraced immediately. Oblivious to the many watchers, they kissed and grabbed each other closely. Then, Emily started to talk – she had so much to say, about how she missed him, how they were being treated. Dan abruptly stopped her.
"Emily, I don't know what they made you do, but I know what they did to me! They took my clothes away, and made me drink an enormous amount of water! We can only stay as long as I don't pee, and I just want you to know I need to, very badly, and I don't know how long I can hold out! But, it's so great to even see you, and it's worth all the hurting...I just want to make it last!"
"They did it to me, too," Emily replied, tears in her eyes. "I'm full up; but I'm going to make it last, too!"
They talked and nuzzled, touched and embraced. The discomfort and humiliation was temporarily put aside. They were again two lovers, for a moment.
Emily's mind had flashed to those words of the officer, "you can do anything, ANYTHING," she wondered what he was expecting. But she wondered only for a moment, as her feelings caught up to her.
Emily had been humiliated at being nude in front of all these men, but being nude in front of Dan was different. Suddenly she was glad he could see her, even in the condition she was. She was a normal young married woman, and she hadn't had sex for over three months. A prison camp doesn't provide much for erotic arousal, and she had been concerned with other matters, but now, she felt her hormones raging. As Dan had been brought in naked, she had seen him standing, blindfolded, and his penis was flaccid; but now she could feel it rigidly erect, and brushing against her stomach. She reflected that he presumably hadn't had sex in three months, either, and now he was looking at and embracing his naked wife. Small wonder his organ was hard, pointing upward like an arrow about to fly. She knew what the officer was looking for was a sex show, and that's what he meant by "anything"! They had brought them together to give a sex show for the men watching, but they were being ! frustrated by having to remain standing, both with terribly full bladders they were forbidden to empty! The game, obviously, was for the men to enjoy their frustration and see what they would do about it.
Emily had been trying to converse sensibly with Dan, but she was hit with pangs of pain from her bladder, now demanding relief. Dan had confessed to her his own desperate need, which he was trying to control. She reached down, seized his penis in her hand, and squeezed it.
"Gad, but you feel good!" he responded to her touch. "Hold it tight, maybe it will help keep me from leaking! I need all the help you can give me!"
"What about me? You can't help me hold, can you?" He put his hand on her crotch, and held it tightly. Her arousal was apparent from the wetness he felt. "I hope that isn't pee!" he whispered in her ear. "It isn't" she answered back, "but don't push in on me– there is about a gallon of pee inside, and it all wants out! Dan – I need you, I need – we've got to help each other!" 
Between snatches of conversation about more mundane matters, they were both very aroused. Dan held her breasts, kissing them and squeezing the nipples, while she protested about her appearance, "Dan, I look awful, and I smell bad; I haven't had a bath in days, my legs are hairy, and.." "You look great. I wouldn't change a thing. Except I wish I had a plug to put in you to keep you from leaking – I want this to go on forever!" 
"Dan, you've got a plug, a good one, and I know it fits" she answered quickly, squeezing his penis with her strong fingers. 
"Emily, we can't! Oh, I wish we could, but we have to stay standing up! What if you should leak?"
"Dan", she answered with confidence, "I need that plug in me! I think I can manage the position – I won't fall; and, anyway, you can hold me by my handles so I don't slip! I think if I have you in me it will be easier to hold on – and I want you so much– so, so, much!" 
"Handles?" he asked, squeezing her breasts, one with each hand, admiring her attempt at humor. 
Carefully, she spread her legs, as he bent backward slightly, both hands holding her breasts. She guided his penis into her, bending back slightly. The onlookers began to cheer, fascinated with the performance.
They found it was a difficult balancing act, he holding her by the breasts, she gripping him at the waist, both of them bending backward as he slid into her.
They held the position, neither of them moving. She made sounds of mixed pain and pleasure, adding "Never like this – oh, I want you to hold it! Just stay this way! Oh, my bladder! But, it doesn't feel as bad with you there– you've got to stay, it gives me a little relief. Don't move just yet!"
He was in her, and the tightness of her body lessened his own holding problem. She was so tight! She hadn't had sex for months, and with her full bladder forcing her to tighten all of her pelvic muscles, it felt as though his penis was in a vise. They tried to hold the pose. The onlookers quieted down in anticipation.
After several minutes, she moved slightly and called to him, "Go on – I can hold it in! Go on – it will help us both hold". She had her head thrown back, looking upward, still feeling both of his hands holding her firmly by the breasts.
He began to move slightly. It wasn't easy, they didn't dare slip and fall. Her grip on him was so tight that his motions were difficult at first, but gradually became easier. 
As he moved slowly within her, she suddenly said, in a calm voice, "You know, I can't even feel my bladder any more. This has got to be the best way to stop it from hurting!"
"Me, too," he answered, "I can't feel my bladder either! Let's keep it going as long as we can!"
He tried to keep his motion slow, despite the intense arousal both of them were now feeling. Slowly she brought her head back to face him, displaying an ecstatic smile. She moved her hands up, holding him by his sides. His grip on her breasts never slackened. He pulled them apart, massaging them with his strong grip, as he manipulated them.
Her orgasm came in an ecstatic explosion. Her body jerked, her head jumped backward. He squeezed her nipples hard at the very moment, not yet reaching his own explosive point. He continued to thrust a moment or two, then reached his own climax with a loud moan and a sudden cessation of his movement.
Gradually they came down from the clouds, looking at each other, still standing there, hands on each other, ignoring the onlookers. They had stayed on their feet. Neither had peed. They were still connected.
She still had her sense of humor. "You want out?" she asked, "I still need the plug, you know. Bladder's still full. Oh, it's starting to hurt again!" 
He slowly withdrew his now flaccid member. She immediately took it in her hand and squeezed tightly near the tip. "Keep the valve shut – I don't want to lose you yet!"
Sexually relieved, thoroughly enjoying each other, they stood together in an odd posture; she, holding the tip of his penis in a tight grasp, and he pressing his fingers through her labia, trying to press her urethra closed. The pain of their bladders both drew them together in a common misery, and forced them to face their coming separation when one or the other could no longer hold it.
They kept it up half an hour or so, conversing quietly. They stood together, hardly moving their feet, but both fidgeting and twitching nervously throughout their lower bodies. Then came the breaking point as he exclaimed to her, "Try holding it tighter, right at the tip; I can't hold back any longer!" She tightened her grip at the tip of his penis, trying hard to pinch it shut. It didn't work. There was a slight spurt from the tip. She squeezed tighter, but it was too late. The watchers noticed. Men moved to separate them, starting to pull him away. His urine started to shoot out in a stream, falling to the platform. They grasped each other for one final embrace, as he was dragged away, peeing furiously.
She was pulled off the platform, taken down the steps. The officer escorted her out the door. As they stepped to the outdoors, he stood her on the bare ground adjoining the building. He pointed down. "Pee!" he commanded. She complied, legs spread, still standing, a forceful stream pouring from her. She could see a group of soldiers watching. She didn't care. She had her Dan. They had made her stand, and she was still on her feet.
She was led back to the room where her underwear had been left. She was allowed hastily to put on her meager cover, and then was driven back to the women's compound. At the commander's office, she retrieved her dress and shoes. She walked to her barracks. She had not felt so good in a long time.
She didn't get to see Dan again, until their release over two years later. 
As Emily and Dan arrived at their house, he again asked her if she was still thinking about the visit they had those forty years ago. She turned to him with her usual smile, "Could I ever forget that? But, Dan, how could I ever tell it to anyone else?"
"Would you go through it again", Dan asked her.
"I'll never have to. I'm an old lady now". They unlocked the door and went in. "It's been a long day," she continued. "I haven't had a bathroom break since before the program. I badly need a pee, and a shower, and I'm ready for bed!" She put down her belongings and started toward the bathroom. Dan grabbed her, gently.
"I need a bathroom stop, too, and I like your menu, but let's change the order a bit. There was a time when you were willing to put off the pee and the shower.." his voice trailed off, as he kissed her lightly. Then he pulled her away from the direction of the bathroom, pointing her toward their bedroom instead. As they went through the door, he turned her around and reached to unbutton her blouse, only to find she already had it completely unfastened, and was unsnapping her bra.. Dropping both on a chair, she turned to him bare breasted, and gave him that smile again, saying "At least it's going to be a bed, and not standing on a platform, but you can still use the handles." As he followed her instructions, she shook her head, adding, "How would you ever tell the grandchildren?" 
Francine