Lisa woke up nervous today, because today wasn't just another day. First of all, let me tell you about Lisa. She's very pretty, long tanned legs, tight ass, 36C cup, and sexy brunette hair to match her cute brown eyes. She's also very bisexual; she may even prefer girls to guys. And for the past few months she's been toying over the Internet, getting interested in the idea of being dominant and having a submissive girl. And today was the day she was going to meet the girl she had been talking with for those few months. From the pictures she saw, Christy is a feisty redhead girl with shoulder length curly hair who is athletic and has perky tits.
Lisa stretched and enjoyed the sun sparkling over her nude body as she lay in bed, smiling, wondering what time her little slut would be there. She rubbed her aching pussy deciding how horny she was. Could she wait? Or did she need to cum now? She slid one finger inside and quickly back out, then licked it. She smiled, having naughty thoughts of what could go on today. She decided to wait and get up, going into her dresser for her clothes. Should she be naughty and go without panties? Or sexy and wear a thong. Maybe she could be cute and wear bikini. Yeah, she liked the idea of being cute for some reason, and grabbed a pair of white panties with rose prints. She went for a bra, but then decided not to wear one, and grabbed a camisole and a pair of low rider jeans.
She went downstairs and made some coffee to drink with her breakfast. She sipped at her first coffee, but then quickly finished a 2nd cup. She grabbed a Coke out of the fridge and turned on the TV. Sipping at the Coke, she allowed herself to get lost in her thoughts instead of paying attention to the TV. What would Christy be like in real life? How much would she like the domination? What is she going to do with Christy? She started thinking of all the kinky toys in her closet and what she could do and a small smile crossed her face. Before she knew it, the Coke was empty and she grabbed another can.
'Sarah had told her she was leaving first thing in the morning and it wasn't that long of a drive,' Lisa thought while checking the clock, which said it was 11:30. She finished downing the 2nd Coke a little after noon and felt her bladder telling her to pee. She got up to go to the bathroom, but then there was a knock at the door. Startled, she jumped and felt a trickle of pee escape into her panties. Her face flushed as she checked her jeans, but luckily it didn't leak through. She opened the door to find Christy standing there in a belly shirt and short skirt and a smile spread across her face, quickly forgetting about her urge to pee.
Christy smiled back and opened her arms and the two hugged. "You look so hot!" Lisa exclaimed, inviting her in.
"So do you, Mistress," Christy said, winking. They walked inside and sat down, Lisa crossing her legs, though still forgetting her urge to pee. "So you wanna go right to it?"
"God, I'm so nervous about it, though!" Lisa confessed.
"Why? You're not the one that has to do whatever she's told!" Lisa smiled and nodded. "So you going to show me your bedroom or do I have to beg?"
Lisa smiled slyly. "Beg, slut." Christy smiled and got on her knees in front of Lisa, pushing Lisa's legs apart and grabbing them.
"Please take me to your room, Mistress," Christy begged. Lisa smiled and reached under the seat, pulling out a collar and leash. Christy smiled slightly as Christy put the collar on Lisa's neck and hooked the leash.
"Come on, girl," Lisa called, tugging on the leash, and Christy, on all fours, followed into the bedroom. Christy looked around the room and smiled.
"Lovely room," she said, sitting on the floor. Lisa sat on the edge of her bed and crossed her legs pretty tightly, although her excitement still made her naive to her urge to pee. Christy's gaze went to Lisa's legs and she smiled devilishly. She got back on her knees and crawled over to Lisa and forced her legs apart again, sitting in between them.
"What should I do for you, Mistress?" Christy asked, making sure she was firm in between Lisa's legs so she couldn't cross them, staring at Lisa's bladder. Lisa didn't know what to think, but she thought it was excitement clouding her mind, not realizing that she was beginning to be desperate to pee. "May I rub you?"
Lisa smiled, nodding slightly. Christy let her hands go to work, slightly rubbing Lisa's feet, tickling them a bit. As she did this, Lisa shifted her legs and Christy's smile went deeper. She worked her way up Lisa's legs, slowly, making sure it tickled her and Lisa shuddered her legs, forcing a squirt of pee into her panties. Lisa suddenly remembered now that she had to go to the bathroom and sprung up, but Christy had a firm grip on her legs and forced her back onto the bed.
"What's wrong?" Christy asked, looking at the look of desperation on Lisa's face. "Does Mistress have to pee?" As she asked this, she ran her hands along Lisa's sides, pushing slightly. Lisa tried to close her legs, but couldn't, and her hand shot to her crotch, gripping tightly. Christy rose up and used her legs to keep Lisa's legs open, getting up close to her, right by her ear.
"Here's the truth," Christy whispered. "See, I'm actually the Mistress and you're the little whore." Christy licked Lisa's earlobe. She then took the collar off and put it onto Lisa and Lisa shuddered as Christy smiled. She tugged on the leash to make Lisa stand up and pulled her hand away. "Are you going to be a good girl for me?" she asked as she watched Lisa's knees buckle.
"Yes," Lisa said in a low whisper. Christy pushed on Lisa's head, making her already weak knees give out and she dropped onto them, sending a burst of pee out that showed up as a little wet spot on the crotch of her pants.
"Does my little girl need to pee?" Christy asked as she lifted up Lisa's camisole a bit and tickled her belly. Lisa wriggled and sent another spurt of pee out, running down her leg a little bit. Christy tsked at Lisa followed by a laugh. "You're wetting yourself like a little girl!" Lisa turned red and grabbed her crotch again, but Christy slapped her hand away.
"Don't hold yourself, be a big girl!" Christy demanded and smacked Lisa on the face. Lisa looked up at Christy and began to realize how stupid she was. Why would such a feisty athletic girl be submissive? She should've known this would happen, but she was surprisingly turned on by it.
"Sorry, Mistress," Lisa said, letting her head drop. Christy grabbed Lisa's legs and forced them apart again and ran her hands along Lisa's tummy, gently pushing on her bladder. Lisa grabbed Christy's hands, but a mean glance from Christy made her let go and another spurt of pee flushed into her panties. Christy continued to lightly handle Lisa's tummy, tickling it slowly and gently pushing against her bladder. Lisa tried to hold it in, but she knew it was a losing battle and Christy's smirk let her know it was.
"Big girls don't pee themselves," Christy taunted. "Are you a big girl?" And with those words, she pressed against Lisa's bladder hard, and Lisa felt herself lose all control and her piss went bursting into her panties, soaking her jeans immediately down the legs on both sides. She could feel her ass getting wet and the pee starting to gather up under her knees. Her face was flushed, as she had no choice but to let her bladder empty in her pants.
Christy tsked again and looked down at Lisa. "I guess you're a little baby after all. Too bad I don't have my diapers." Christy lifted up her skirt and pushed her panties aside. "Here's how big girls do it." Then with that she started a warm flow of piss straight onto Lisa, soaking her hair and dripping down her face. Lisa's face turned bright red and she couldn't believe this was happening to her and she also couldn't believe how turned on it actually made her. Christy continued peeing on Lisa, now lowering her aim to get her piss all over Lisa's tits and camisole. Lisa felt it sliding down her tummy onto her already wet jeans and she felt how wet her pussy was getting. Christy's stream started to slow down until it finally stopped and Christy smiled.
"See, big girls don't do it in their pants," Christy taunted. "Now since I don't have any toilet paper, get over here and clean this with your tongue." Lisa crawled over and looked up nervously. She slowly started going toward Christy's pussy and Christy grabbed her head and pushed it up against it. Lisa shot out her tongue and started licking around her pussy and she couldn't believe how good it tasted! Lisa let her tongue slide into Christy's hole and Christy moaned. Lisa smiled as she kept licking away, wondering how Christy got her pussy to taste so good. Just as Lisa was getting into it, Christy pushed her head away and let her skirt fall back down. She walked out of the bedroom and Lisa wondered what she was doing and followed her.
TO BE CONTINUED...
By: Amoeba