This was the day of one of the biggest meetings in the history of the Bell–Thomas accounting firm. All of the big shots in the company were there to discuss a possible merger with Orion Corporate Investments. Of course, this also meant that meticulous minutes of all the meetings would have to be taken. Carrie Stevens was the best secretary in the firm and she was the first one called up for this most important of meetings. She had charged up for the meeting with a tall iced mocha and she also had some Coke to give her the occasional boost during the meeting.
An hour and a half had gone by and the discussion was really starting to intensify. However, Carrie's need to relieve her bladder was starting to become a significant and persistent problem. The meeting had just gotten back from a 15–minute recess, but Carrie needed to stay behind and catch up on the minutes she took during the first hour of the meeting just to keep from falling behind. Carrie was wearing a short black and white checker dress with sexy white stilettos. She was not only the most talented secretary in the firm, but also the most attractive. However, this double–threat she possessed was doing nothing to help her at the moment. She knew that the meetings would be going on all day, and it was still 3 hours until lunch. Carrie felt that she would be able to fight off her urge to pee until then, which at this point was not serious, but definitely something she had to pay attention to.
Kitana Oshima was the other secretary that was taking minutes at the meeting. She had been able to keep up a little better during the first hour and was able to dash to the loo during the 15–minute recess. Only a half of an hour after they had returned, she had already drank a liter of water and was beginning to feel a slight need to pee, but nothing that required any attention at the moment. She looked at Carrie for a moment, and knew immediately that something was not right. She had stopped taking down minutes for a little bit and that was very much out of her character. Since they were sitting right next to each other, Kitana whispered into Carrie's ear, "Are you alright? It's not like you to miss even the smallest detail."
"I'm fine," Carrie whispered back. "I just could use a quick trip to the ladies', that's all. I'll be ok."
"Let's split up the minutes so that we can cover everything a little better," suggested Kitana.
"That's a great idea," agreed Carrie, "I'll be the main minute–taker for 10 minutes, then we can switch off and just pick up on things that the other misses."
"I should have thought of this sooner," Kitana said in a low voice, in order to not disturb the meeting.
Carrie started her first shift as the main "minutes–woman." This helped her take the strain off her increasingly straining bladder for a few minutes, but after seven minutes her bladder was really starting to make its wishes felt. Carrie's bladder was starting to ache, and there was still two and a half hours before lunch. She didn't know if she would be able to make it if her desire to pee kept increasing at this rate. Carrie only had a minute to go before she could take a breather and just take spot duty, but she was now at a point where she had to cross her legs or press her legs together to help her bladder keep the strain to a minimum. She finished her first turn and turned to Kitana, signalling her that she was the main minute–taker now. Carrie didn't show any obvious signs of distress on her face, but she was so glad that she could take her hands off her laptop for a little bit, and immediately gave her crotch a quick squeeze with her left hand and took it out after less than a second to avoid drawing any embarrassing attention.
The meeting was going very well. Both sides were negotiating without any unnecessary stress, but Carrie was in trouble now. Her bladder was definitely going to be on her mind for the rest of this meeting. Kitana was now beginning to feel a little bit of tension in her bladder as well. She had been able to relieve herself at the recess, but drank a whole liter of water in less than half an hour. Now that 30 minutes had gone by since she finished drinking her water, she was beginning to feel her bladder warning her not to wait too long. Carrie took over after Kitana completed her first ten minutes and had her legs crossed the whole time. Every couple of minutes or so, she would switch the crossing of her legs to help even out the pressure her tall ice mocha and two bottles of Coke were putting on her bladder. At the end of this shift she would still have to hold on for two more hours, and she was beginning to wonder if she would be able to make it that long without any leaking.
With an hour left in the meeting, Kitana was taking her minutes again and was now on her fifth ten–minute shift as the main secretary. She was pressing her legs together quite hard now, and she even had her calves crossed under the table and was rhythmically rocking one leg back and forth now to help contain her urine, which was now screaming to come out of her bladder.
Kitana: "I really have to go to the bathroom now, that liter of water is really catching up to me now."
Carrie: "At least you got to take a leak during the 15–minute recess. I have been here for the last three and a half hours and I don't think I'll make it to the end."
Kitana: "I never got the chance to go during the recess. I have probably drank at least as much as you and when Mr. Bell stopped me in the hallway during the recess, I only had a chance to grab a bottle of juice and a muffin before I had to come back in here for the meeting."
Carrie was shocked by this development, but somewhat eased by Kitana's desperate situation. At least now there was somebody else in the room who knew what she was going through, and she would be able to switch–off minute–taking duties more frequently so that she could have a chance to squeeze her crotch and double cross her legs. Anything to help at this point was crucial, but not even crossing her legs was helping Carrie too much anymore. She was in a lot of pain and she didn't know how much longer her abdominal muscles would be able to resist the overwhelming desire to release her pent–up pee. Carrie took notes for five minutes before passing the torch to Kitana. Kitana appeared to be just as desperate as Carrie, but she was really in a worse situation than poor Carrie was in. She felt a sharp jolt from her bladder as soon as she started her turn and she felt a couple of drops escape through her tightly squeezed pussy lips and into her cotton thong. She knew that even though she was wearing cotton under her sexy skirt, a thong would not be able to hold much more than a couple of drops before becoming noticeable.
Kitana: "OH MY GOD, I'm losing it!!" Kitana said this quietly, but it was intense and worrisome. She knew she didn't have much time yet, and it felt so good to let just those two drops escape that she had to double her efforts just to stem the flow. There was still 25 minutes left in the meeting, and these were likely going to be the hardest of them all. Carrie took over the main secretary duties momentarily when she saw Kitana stop. She felt bad for the Kitana, but she had her own desperation problem to deal with. She was now leaning a little bit forward and gave trying to be subtle and rammed her free hand under her skirt with all her might. Her legs were trembling now and her bladder was at its limit. Every second from here on out was going to be extremely painful and difficult. She couldn't even talk without trembling right now, much less focus on the last part of the meeting. Carrie just hoped that she could make it out of the meeting with minimal leakage and scurry for the ladies' room.
Carrie: "Dammit, this meeting is taking way too long. Why are they dragging this thing out?" she thought, "Kitana, how you doing over there... I am breaking my neck trying to hold it over here."
Kitana: "I can't say I'm any better off than you Carrie," Kitana replied as discreetly as she could. Both ladies could see that the other was dying to relieve herself, but they both knew that they would have to survive this meeting before they could release the floods they were containing under their skirts.
Carrie: "I've never had to go this badly in my life."
Kitana: "I can't remember the last time I needed the toilet this badly either."
Despite Carrie and Kitana both being on the brink of wetting their panties and skirts like schoolgirls, they seemed to be pushing each other and giving each other the extra strength and abdominal stamina they were going to need to get out of this. Only three minutes remained in the meeting, and the suits were beginning to load up their expensive briefcases and getting ready to adjourn the meeting and leave for lunch. Carrie and Kitana were both frantically taking their last minutes of this terribly long meeting and each one had her free hand jammed into her crotch as far as it would go in a last–ditch effort to contain the urine bombs that were ready to explode out of their bladders. Carrie loosened up just a little bit in anticipation of being able to leave the meeting and suddenly her bladder gave out for a split second and let out a jet of fresh urine into her panties.
Carrie: "NO, NO, NO," she said under her breath. She didn't even care what Kitana was doing anymore. She had just lost a spurt of pee and it had soaked right through her bikini panties and made a small spot on the back of her skirt. Luckily, she wore a dark colored skirt, so no one could tell she was wetting herself unless they touched her backside in just the right spot.
Just as Carrie regained control and was able to keep her leak to a minimum, Kitana lost a quick shot of pee, and this time her thong didn't help her out at all and it made a spot on the back of her skirt and soaked through to her seat. Kitana reached her second hand under her skirt and bent forward and was barely able to keep the floodgates closed...for now. Mr. Bell had one last announcement to make.
Mr. Bell: "I am very pleased with the progress that we were able to make this morning, and I am especially grateful to the top secretaries in the company joining us and keeping the minutes for the entire meeting. Let's give Carrie Stevens and Kitana Oshima a nice round of applause," the members of the board started to applaud when Mr. Bell added, "Please, stand up ladies."
Carrie and Kitana looked at each other for a moment in complete disbelief. They were both ready to flood the boardroom and neither one wanted to lose control if they stood up, so they both waved one hand to acknowledge the applause and then folded their arms back on the desk. Mr. Bell then uttered the words Carrie had been waiting four long hours to hear..."Good job, everybody. I'll see you all tomorrow."
Carrie was so desperate she would do anything for a toilet now. Her bladder could sense that relief was near, and a contraction like Carrie had never felt before came over her and made her push out a few more drops into her panties. Fortunately for Carrie's sake, she was out of her chair, and her pee fell onto the floor. She saw Kitana had already left the boardroom and was probably well on her way to the bathroom by now. Carrie got up ever so slowly and hobbled toward the door with one hand on the front panel of her skirt and the other just above her aching pussy so that she could pummel her hands into her skirt if she was forced to release any more pee. Carrie could feel her damp bikini bottom clinging to her exhausted and bulging pussy as she hurried to the bathroom as fast as she could. When she finally reached the door, she pushed it open faster than she had ever pushed a door in her life. She was finally going to get the satisfaction of pissing like a racehorse and feel the monstrous wave of urine rush out of her. She unzipped her skirt half way so that she would be able to pull everything down in a single motion when she got into the stall. As she shoved the stall door to get in, it wouldn't move. Someone was inside, so she gingerly tiptoed towards the adjacent stall and found that it too was in use. Carrie's left leg jerked a little bit and another spurt made its way into her panties and made a clearly visible stream going down her thigh. Carrie was losing her battle just a couple of feet from the toilet.
Carrie: "God–dammit, let me in, I can't hold it in any longer!!!
Person in stall: "You'll have to wait a minute."
Carrie: "I've been waiting for 4 hours to take a piss and you are not going to be the reason I wet myself. PLEASE LET ME IN, I BEG YOU!! I'm in a lot of pain and I'm going to completely lose it any second."
Just as she finished saying that, the person in the second stall flushed the toilet and Carrie damn near lost all control. She was tugging at the door and didn't even look at the woman coming out as she jumped into the stall without even bothering to lock the door! She had lost a few dribbles and had a small stream of her hot pee going down her thigh, but she wasn't even getting started. It took her no more than a second to pull her skirt down her bikini panties along with it. She started letting out an incredible blast of pee before she even got on the seat and just let all her muscles relax as she breathed out a huge sigh of relief and even let out a moan as the pee continued to jet out of her like a fire hose. She had just defeated the worst desperation of her life and this was without a doubt, the most important piss she had ever made!
As for the other desperate secretary, she was at the first floor of the building and made a shameless dash for the loo. Her bladder failed her for a second when the elevator reached the bottom floor, and her thong put up zero resistance against the blast, leaving a small puddle in the elevator. Just before the door opened, she managed to wipe the stream off her leg with a tissue she had in her black purse. When she got to the door of the bathroom, it was locked.
THE LADIES RESTROOM IS CURRENTLY UNDERGOING REPAIRS. PLEASE EXCUSE US FOR THE INCONVENIENCE. WE WILL HAVE THE RESTROOMS UP AND WORKING AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!
Kitana: "OH MY GOD, NO!! This can't be happening."
Cross–legged, one hand over her crotch and the other trembling over her leg, she hobbled outside and prayed that she could get to the next building to use the bathrooms. Kitana made it outside the building, but not before losing a quick shot through her thong, which by now made a shapely camel–toe around her soaked, aching, and engorged girlhood. It wasn't more than a couple of seconds after getting outside that she dribbled a little bit more. That last dribble took all her might and muscle to keep from turning into a waterfall. The pain was overwhelming, and Kitana was beginning to well up tears in her eyes. She was wetting herself like a little girl and there was absolutely nothing that she could do to stop it. The corner of the building was only 30 feet away, so she turned the corner of the building into the alley, and not a second too soon. Her bladder finally burned out any resistance it had left and forcefully started releasing its contents onto the concrete below.
Kitana breathed heavily as she felt a massive wave of relief overcome her body. Her bladder had endured some of the worst pain she had ever imagined, and the stream it unleashed was impressive by any standards. The water she had been forced to hold in for the entire meeting was finally pouring out of her. She could hear the hissing coming from her pussy as the flood cascaded down to the concrete like a waterfall. She could feel the drops from the impact hitting the inside of her legs, but it was better than wetting her skirt and having streams of piss all over her legs and soaking her skirt. Kitana could finally go to her car, remove her thong, and get herself home.
This was certainly going to be a day Carrie and Kitana would not soon forget.
By: H. Klumfan