Title: Canyon of Desperation

By: Fluidity

"Sam, are you coming down with something?" asked Jerry. He andErica had been looking forward to this trip to the Southwest all Spring; it would be their first extended trip since they began seeing each other exclusively. Samantha and Bob were their best friends and had, in fact, introduced them; they were also serving as tour guides, since Sam and Bob had visited Utah and Arizona several times in the past.

"Yeah, I think so," sniffled Sam. "And just when we're getting to the most beautiful place in the whole country, Bryce Canyon. I'm not going to let any cold get me down; especially a summer cold, for I came prepared. I've got my favorite herbal medicine, and I intend to drink plenty of fluids. That has always worked for me in the past and it will do the same this time."

"Sam, we are going to be stopping every twenty minutes if you keep your bladder primed with Perrier," said Bob. "You know how quickly you fill up."

"Well, if Jer and Erica don't know, they know now. It's true, and you'll just have to put up with me until I shake this cold. If I were home I'd stay fifteen seconds from the bathroom and pee whenever I want to; since I can't on this trip, I'll just have to stop frequently, so please be understanding."

"We all will," said Erica, rather amused at how open Sam was over her urinary activity. Jerry hadn't noticed yet how often Erica played hold-it with him, but she figured it was just a matter of time before he saw her fidgeting and got interested. She hadn't decided whether holding it without his noticing was more exciting than after he noticed, but she intended to find out.

The foursome made their way toward the majestic beauty of Bryce Canyon, stopping frequently so that Samantha could empty her ever-filling bladder. Her sniffles continued, but were getting no worse. Erica had noticed before the trip had gone very long that she was able to hold her bladder much longer than the men; she went about every three or four times that they did, and she frequently went all day without urinating. Jerry just didn't seem to notice.

They got to Bryce after dark and checked into the motel. They saved a lot of money by sharing one room with two double beds; the silent lovemaking that they all heard but chose to ignore was part of the fun.

The next morning after spending a few hours walking around the edge of the immense canyon filled with the most beautiful rock formations they had ever seen, it was time to take the long hike and descend to the bottom of the canyon. Unlike the Grand Canyon, mere mortals could walk down and back up over several hours.

"Perhaps I shouldn't go; I'll never be able to hold my bladder throughout that long hike," whined Samantha.

"Sure you will," encouraged Erica, whose own bladder was getting alarmingly full, but who was determined to hold it through the hike. "It is so warm down there that you'll sweat off most of that water; it will never make it to your bladder. And there are always the bushes, for an emergency."

"I don't see many bushes down there, and I do see people walking the trails pretty frequently. What do I do then?" Samantha asked.

"Take a good pee now and you'll make it," said Jerry, who had been getting a lot of pleasure by watching Sam's frequent bouts with full bladder fidgeting. He didn't notice his own lover's subdued fidgeting, much to Erica's frustration.

"Hurry up, Sam," yelled Bob as he and Erica and Jerry began their descent. Sam ran from the lady's outhouse to catch up with them.

The descent was glorious; they passed between the mammoth rock formations and saw them rise as they descended. The huge formations, created by eons of erosion, took on various shapes that frequently reminded the viewers of other things. "That one looks like your prick," Erica told Jerry, pointing to a formation rising out from the side of a passing monolith. "Limp?" inquired Bob. "No, erodes in the face of liquid," laughed Samantha. "I prefer the 'rock hard' analogy," countered Jerry.

"Speaking of liquid..." giggled Jerry.

"Stop it, Jer," cried Sam. "You know I'm filling up, but it's helping my cold. And, no, I won't make it through this hike, but I'll last as long as I can."

Erica didn't know how long she could last. She had been drinking a lot in the heat, for the sun reflected off these huge golden rock formations, giving them all a dose of sunlight from many different angles.

Bob noticed Erica's difficulties; he saw her press her thighs together, and hitch up her cutoff jeans; he knew she hadn't pissed all day, and knew how much she had drunk. Rather than his own lover's all too obvious battles with her bladder, it was Erica's silent struggles that intrigued Bob the most.

And Jerry found himself fascinated by his best friend's lover's bladder problems. He loved it during the drive when Sam told them that she needed to stop in the next fifteen minutes. If he was driving he tried to find reasons to not stop in the allotted time. He loved it when they went twenty-five minutes without finding any place after Sam's fifteen minute warning. She finally admitted that she had to stop and pee on the side of the road. Jerry wondered how she was going to do that; would she run off and find a bush? No, Sam seemed quite willing to squat at the earliest opportunity; as soon as the car stopped, she opened the back door (away from traffic, fortunate for her), and squatted right there while Bob walked out and found a bush to water. Sam's hissing, splattering sound gave Jerry an enormous hard-on, making it impossible for him to empty his own bladder until the next stop. All the while, Erica's bladder was filling right next to him, but he never noticed.

As the hike went on, Jerry watched Sam, and Bob watched Erica. Sam and Erica noticed this attention, as women would, but fortunately their lovers did not notice that attention being paid by the other male.

At the very bottom of the descent after several hours of hiking in the sun, paths crossed leading to much longer hikes. The four turned and took the path that lead toward the slow ascent back up the canyon wall to the top.

Erica realized that this ascent was going to be very difficult for her; her bladder was as full as she ever lets it get, and there would be virtually no place to stop on the way up. Making this turn committed her to holding that bladder of hers until they reached the top. or until she wet her pants, something she never did; never before, that is.

Sam also knew the significance of this ascent. There were no bushes and no toilets. The path was steep and difficult, and would be exhausting. Her bladder was causing her more pain than she wanted to stand but there was simply no place to piss. She had been trapped by all that Perrier she guzzled on the way down. Sam knew that she was waiting way past her limit; her bladder would have been emptied three times by now if she were at home. But this one time she was determined to not make a spectacle of herself.

Both girls were in severe danger of holding it to the point of desperation.

Bob and Jerry took the hands of their lovers, Samantha and Erica, respectively, to help them in the long ascent, all the while casting furtive glances to Erica's and Sam's predicaments.

Erica was becoming frightened, for the pressure was immense. She stopped every few steps, took deep breaths, and pressed her thighs together, crossing and rubbing them more and more frequently. "Do you need a piss, too," asked Jerry, as he took his eyes off the fidgeting and squirming Samantha and saw Erica half bend over and stick her ass out. "You never seem to have to visit the toilet, so I figured you could always handle it."

"I don't show it like Sam, but I know I'm as desperate as she is right now; I like holding my bladder until it's bursting; it feels great. But when I miscalculate like this it scares me. I love the pressure but this is way too much; if I don't whiz soon it is either squat on the trail or piss my pants." Erica had never said these things to Jerry, but she loved his wide eyes as she explained her predicament.

"Can I admit that it's a big turn-on for me when you get this way," asked Jerry.

"Sure; it's a turn-on for me, too, even when I get desperate like this. The turn on is there but it sort of gets overwhelmed by the urgent, frantic need to piss. God I have to go!" cried Erica, and she rubbed her thighs tightly together again, before taking a few more steps up the trail.

Meanwhile, Sam was dancing between steps. She gripped Bob's hand tightly and tried to walk up the hill with her thighs together. This duck-walk helped for a while, but she soon felt the threat of overflowing again, and she had to stop and bend over. She looked up the hill and it seemed to go on forever. "What am I going to do, Bob," Samantha asked quietly. "I just can't wet my pants; I've never done that in my life."

"Even with your small bladder?" Bob whispered back. Bob had been witness many a time to Sam's dancing to the bathroom, so many times that it didn't interest him any more, for he thought it a show she put on, whether she was desperate or not. Now, however, it was clear that Sam needed to piss badly, for he had watched all her fluid intake, more even than during the drive, and she wasn't able to whiz every half-hour. As her desperation sunk in, his sexual interest was wrest away from Erica's quiet suffering to his own Sam's demonstrative struggle.

Just then a woman holding a young girl's hand walked briskly toward them. "You can wait until we get to the toilet at the far crossroads. Act your age and hold on. It is only a few minutes away."

"What toilet," cried Sam as the woman approached.

She didn't break stride, but replied, "Just around the corner behind the rocks there is a toilet, the only one on the canyon floor; it is on the map."

"That's where I have to go, Bob," said Sam. "I can't make it up the hill; that is my only chance."

"I'm with you," said Erica. "I bet I'm worse off than you are."

"You? You go all day without a piss," said Sam, as they hurriedly followed the woman and young girl. The boys trailed behind.

Ten tortuous minutes later the eleven year old girl, Samantha, and Erica, were all lined up behind two men at the only toilet.

Jerry and Bob stood away from the line and watched eagerly. It was hard to tell which of the females was more desperate. The young girl was the only one that had both hand jammed into her crotch and was rubbing furiously. Her Mother blushed crimson and tried to pretend she didn't know her; "I told her to pee up top, but no, she claimed that could wait."

Sam was quickly hopping from foot to foot with her arms tightly folded, legs locked together, jaws clenched, staring into space; she secretly wished she could behave as childishly as the girl in front of her, for she wasn't certain that this hopping was going to hold back her bursting bladder until it came her turn. Erica stood with her thighs tightly pressed together in her semi-crouch, hands on hips; she wiggled her ass up and down as if she were silently fucking an invisible cock of her imagination and, in fact, it was that very image that helped Erica control her desperate condition.

Erica panted, "Sam, I wish I could casually tell you to go first, but I can't. I'm about to burst and desperately want to get in first; I'm ashamed to admit it."

Sam tried to smile; "I feel the same way. If I thought I could wait another minute after it's our turn I'd let you in first. Should we flip a coin for it?"

Jerry came over to flip the coin. He was so excited at the sight of the three girls' plight that his hands were shaking and he was hyperventilating. Jerry flipped the coin and Sam won, so she kept her place in line. One of the men was now in so there was only another man, the young girl, Sam, and Erica.

When the second man slipped in, the girl started to whine, and went into a deep bend at the waist. Her fingers were furiously digging into her crotch, trying to stimulate her overburdened sphincters to tighten up and keep her white jeans dry. "Hurry, mister; please hurry." She couldn't possibly know that her cries were making it almost impossible for the man in the wooden outhouse to empty his bladder, so swollen was his penis from watching the three desperate women behind him. He finally got a trickle going by blotting out the sound of hopping and stamping outside the door, but, as trickles do, it fell on the floor and then the seat, as thousands of men before him. Just when his stream was gathering steam, another whine from the young girl cut it off as clean as an ax-blow. "This is stupid," he said, as he shook his semi-hard cock dry and stuffed it back into his jeans before opening the door.

"Remember to hurry; we can't wait long," Sam told the girl as she watched her frantically push herself into the tiny hothouse of an outhouse which. like everything else, had been baking in the summer sun.

"Is there any way we can both piss in that place," Sam asked Erica for she felt guilty at being able to relieve herself before her suffering friend. "I've been trying to figure out a way we could contort ourselves and take a double piss but I can't see any way to do it."

"We could in the bushes, but it is just too cramped in there. The guys could with their wonder wands, but I've never tried to stand and direct my stream," replied Erica as she stopped her imaginary fuck and swayed her hips back and forth, allowing her jeans to stretch and tug at her crotch and squeeze her pee hole.

"I know I can stand, thrust out my hips and piss out; if you want to try it, I'm game. As urgently as I need this piss, and the pain is unbearable, I don't want you to suffer any longer either," said Sam.

Erica was intrigued. She had never tried peeing standing up as an adult, and had only remembered doing so as a child where she peed straight down between her legs. "What if I sit, spread my legs, and let you pee into the hole between my legs? You know you can direct your stream; I'm not so confident.... Oh, God the pressure's so strong!" said Erica as she took her first hop of desperation.

"It's a deal. As soon as we get in you have to get your jeans and pants down to your ankles so you can spread your legs while you sit. I have to get one leg free so I can spread my legs and direct my stream. This is going to be really dangerous, Erica, because I don't know if I can do all that in there while holding my bladder a few more seconds. The thought of bending and pulling my pants down and getting a leg free worries the piss out of me." Sam hopped up and down some more and finally slipped her hand in her crotch and pressed her urethra in and out.

"I'll pull your jeans and pants down; I'll be sitting facing you. Just get your belt loose, zipper unzipped, and you pants and jeans down below your waist; I'll take over from there. What is keeping that girl inside that toilet. Is she frigging herself?" wondered Erica.

The girl, having made it inside the outhouse, was overcome by the thick stench of urine and feces, baked and stewed for days in the enclosed house. She shut her eyes and held her breath while she furiously grappled with her short-shorts. Just as she slid them and her panties down to her knees, the bending caused a giant squirt of pee to splatter on the seat of the outhouse, mixing with the previous man's and countless others' efforts. She thrust her ass onto the seat and relaxed. The piss fell three feet and made a glorious sound to her ears. Her pussy, swollen by the frantic rubbing the past fifteen minutes, did cry out for her attention, so while she pissed she let her finger find her clit and give her the pleasure she enjoyed so often these days of sexual discovery. She was forced to take another breath as her orgasm swept over her.

"Step on it!" yelled Sam, desperate beyond belief. That shook the girl out of her post-masturbatory haze; she gave her sphincters one last squeeze, and the final squirt of piss left her body. In a few seconds she opened the door, a faraway grin on her face, which everyone took for the pleasure of an emptied bladder, but she knew better.

"Come on Erica; get your ass in there," cried Sam, as she followed her into the cramped out house.

"What the fuck?" cried Jerry as he turned to Bob. "Have you ever seen them do such a thing before?" he asked. "Nope. They must have decided to share their relief, but I don't know how two women can do it," replied Bob.

Erica was dismayed at the stench and the cramped space. As she flew in, she turned to face the door and watched Sam fly in behind her and lock the door. They were now facing each other no more than an inch apart. "It's a good thing we are friends!" said Sam as she reached down to loosen her jeans. She leaned against the door and found her legs and hips pressing on Erica's as she attempted the same maneuver.

"Don't push me against the john; I need to get myself free to sit down," said Erica. She finally shoved her jeans down to her knees, plopped her ass on the seat, and found her knees between Sam's legs. She yanked her jeans and pants down to her ankles as she had planned and was able to spread her knees. She reached up to Sam's jeans just as her bladder began to empty. Her pleasure was beyond measure.

"Faster! I'm giving way," said Sam frantically. Erica saw Sam's jeans and pants were down below her hips, showing off her jet black bush, much thicker and stiffer than Erica's blond, feathery pubic hair, and only two inches in front of her nose.

"Are you sure you can piss standing up through this thicket? Looks like you are going to give me a shower," Erica said as she jerked Sam's pants down to her ankles and held them as Sam tried to lift her left foot to free it.

Just then Sam give out a little cry and Erica felt a warm wet squirt fall on the back of her neck, run around her collarbone and down her blouse, finally trickling onto her bra-less breasts where it caused them to stiffen markedly. "I'm sorry, Erica, dear, but I couldn't hold myself and it just... appeared!"

"Quite an appearance," smiled Erica as she leaned back, spread her knees, scooted back as far as she could against the back wall of the john, making an opening about six inches wide and three inches deep. This had all happened in a few seconds. Erica's power piss had only commenced as she watched Sam's legs spread, and her hips thrust out. Sam reached down to her bush and spread the lips of her vulva, revealing the hot pink of her inner lips, clit (surprisingly swollen, thought Erica), and, ultimately, Sam's pee hole. "If I were gay this would be a fantastic show, Sam," said Erica.

"It is sort of exciting, isn't it? This is the tricky part. I never know where I'm going when I start. I could hit anywhere from your mouth to my jeans on the floor and I just have to adjust my hips to go where I want."

"You already have my tits wet, Sam, so anywhere from there, south will be fine," grinned Erica. Then she saw this power hose of a stream of piss pour forth from Sam's delicate body. It went straight for Erica's blond bush, splattering it and tickling her tummy. Erica's hair kept the strong stream from splattering all over her thighs; the thought went through her mind that she could lean over and stick her tongue in the stream, but this was too lesbo or her rather conservative sensibilities. She looked up and Sam's eyes were closed in ecstasy; she hadn't adjusted the stream at all, so overcome as she was with the pleasure of releasing this torrent of urine from her body.

From outside the outhouse the men listened to the strangest sounds. There was a clear sound of a powerful stream falling into the muck, as they had heard before, just stronger and, as it turned out, much longer. But there was this other muffled splattering sound that baffled them. Neither man would discover the source of that sound from the coy women until late that night when the secrets of Desperation Canyon were revealed.

