Title: No Gain Without Pain 
	Received 19 Apr 2001, published 9 Jun 2001. Entry to: Month 30
By: Paul Tester

The evening after our torrid bursting sex session Laura and I stayed in, just enjoying each other's company and talking about the events of the two previous evenings. (See entries for Month 11 and 29) Laura confided that there was one further bursting experience that she wanted me to stay and help her realise.

Ladies loos, she explained, often had thin walls so you could hear everything that was going on in the next cubicles, and sometimes she would hear a woman peeing with tremendous force, what Laura called a real blaster. Laura had always been what she called a slow pee-er, a long steady stream, even when desperate, as I had noticed when she went in the bucket at the start of our adventures, so she was really envious of these blasters.

"The relief it must be must be wonderful, when you're desperate, to blast all your pee out in a few seconds," she said.

She dragged me into the kitchen and demonstrated what she heard, using the cold tap. She made a good simulation of her pee, but I could not believe the force that she claimed to have heard some women peeing. Laura swore that it was absolutely true as far as sound went, and also the time they took was right to empty a normal, full bladder. She had assumed that these women had different 'internal plumbing,' a bigger tube from their bladders, which enabled them to go with such pressure. Then, during our spectacular wet sex the night before, Laura had felt that her pee was spurting out with the same sort of pressure as she came. She said that when I thrust deep inside her she had thought her bladder, already as full as she had ever know it, was going to explode, and she almost lost control then.

She was now convinced that she could pee as good a blaster as she had ever heard if only she could get that pressure again. It was obvious, she now realised, that the reason she had heard so many blasters at Startrek was because these were girls who had been drinking earlier, then had to queue to get in the club, and then queue again for the loo, their bladders bursting beyond belief, fighting with all their might to hold their pee. If her theory was right, Laura could pee with just as much force if only she could hold sufficient pressure in her bladder. 

"Please stay another day," Laura asked, "I need some help to make me wait until I really am at the limit, the most desperate I will ever be. I want to do it, but I won't have the will-power unless you make me wait. Are you game?"

What a question! As long as I could remember I had been turned on by a woman just crossing her legs, and seeing one holding her crutch had driven me wild. Now I was being asked to help one take herself to the limit of her holding ability, to encourage her, even to force her to wait until she was at her absolute limit, or even beyond. Laura knew before she asked what my answer would be, it was just a case of planning how we would get her really, really desperate.

I have always believed that waiting is at least partly psychological, and that in circumstances where you really cannot pee you can hold much longer. So, we agreed, we would have to get Laura somewhere public, where if she wet herself it would be both very obvious and very, very embarrassing. I told her that she would have to get desperate in the daytime, easy because it would be Saturday and we were not working.

She would have to drink a lot of coffee and water in the morning, then we would go for a drink at lunchtime, and Laura would have to hold out until we got home, and then some more, until I judged her to be full enough. I intended the journey from the pub, by bus, to be the time that would really stretch her bladder. It was one thing to be desperate at night, coming back from a pub or club, when a woman holding herself or peeing in the street might be acceptable, but in the middle of the day she would be shamed into holding on, however desperate she might get. The way she winced and hesitated when I told her my plan suggested that she knew what she was letting herself in for. 

"You're the one who wants to take desperation to the limit, full to absolute bursting point," I told her, "and this is the way to do it, when you have no option but to wait."

"Do you think that any one of those blasters at Startrek wanted to wait that long?" I continued. "They drank too much down the pub, then they were ashamed to be the first in their group to admit they wanted to pee. They just got worse and worse in the queue, but they had to hold out. Then another queue for the loo when they got in, which must have been frantic, but they had no choice, they had to wait, so they managed somehow."

I wasn't naturally sadistic, and I had grown very fond of Laura in the few days I had known her, but if she was to take her bladder to the limit, then she was not going to be allowed to weaken when she became 'uncomfortable.' There was nothing complicated about what she had to do, just drink an awful lot, preferable diuretic type liquids, and then keep it inside her rather longer than was normal or comfortable. All I had to do was to set up the situation where she could not give up easily, if at all, and then enjoy the spectacle.

Plenty of coffee for breakfast the next morning was the start, then cups of tea during the morning, with a couple of good long pees to prove her bladder was on form. She chose her clothes carefully; faded jeans, a good fit but not so tight as to press on her bladder, black high-waist knickers, (no elastic cutting into her swollen bladder,) sweat-shirt, and light-weight zip jacket, selected so neither could be pulled down to hide wet jeans. One final mug of tea, and just as we were leaving I fixed her jeans and belt together with a small padlock, so she simply could not pee without my permission. We left the bathroom ready for her return, with a bucket for her to pee in. Laura had often measured her pee when 'bursting' making between one and a quarter and one and a half pints, but this time she was hoping for at least two pints.

There was a bus stop outside her flat, so, ignoring her protests that the service was slow and unreliable, I insisted we rode that until we passed a reasonable pub, then drank in there until Laura was desperate, then get the next bus home. If she still wasn't desperate enough, then I would make her wait outside her front door pretending we had lost the key, until she was making such an exhibition of herself she had to go inside. Even then, I did not promise she could pee immediately. 

We waited nearly half an hour for a bus, then it wandered all round a housing estate before we found an over-restored pub and restaurant. It was crowded with families and couples out for lunch, but we found two seats in the corner. Laura complained she was already feeling the last mug of tea in her bladder, but gamely took a long drink at her first pint of beer. I intended she would drink at least three, and possibly a fourth if she wasn't desperate then. By the time she was half-way through her second pint she had her legs tightly crossed, and was beginning to squirm about on her chair. When she had finished it, she was alternating between leaning forward on the table, elbows pressed on her legs, and right back in her chair, pulling her jeans up and away from her stomach, which was becoming noticeably swollen. 

"I really don't think I need any more," she said tersely, as I picked up the empty glasses.

"Oh yes you do!" I replied, "no self-respecting blaster has ever performed on less that three pints." I went to the loo on the way to the bar, which did nothing to make Laura feel any better. 

She wasn't even half-way through the next beer before she was fidgeting more urgently, tensing her body and then quickly pressing on hand between her legs, trying to make out she was just adjusting her jeans and not holding back her pee. 

"It's getting bad," she whispered to me, " we'll have to leave soon or people will be staring at me." 

She took a long drink, swallowing more than half of her beer, motioning to me to drink as well. I was going to prolong the situation when I saw our bus passing.

"Oh shit!" Laura had seen it as well. "It's going to be at least a half hour wait now. I dare not drink any more, I won't have a hope of getting back home without pissing myself."

I grudgingly allowed her ten more minutes sitting in the pub, before she had to finish her drink, ignoring her protests and pleas that she wasn't going to be able to wait, that she was already desperate and that standing at a bus stop would only make her worse.

She was right. When we got to the bus stop she leaned forward, resting her head on my shoulder, twisting her legs tightly, hugging me and then pressing one hand into her crutch.

"It's desperate, much worse that sitting in the pub already. What am I going to do? If it keeps worse like this, I don't have a hope of holding out."

"Come on Laura, you're a big girl now, you can hold on if you try. Just cross your legs hard and it will go away." It was easy for me to talk, I had just had a pee, but the whole idea was to force Laura to absolute desperation, and I was going to do just that. We were waiting over twenty minutes for the bus. The time passed all too quickly for me, but for Laura it must have seemed like half a life- time.

She never uncrossed her legs for more than a few seconds, just as long as it took her to twist them together the other way, or to try to find some way of winding them tighter, the better to hold back her pee. In addition to this, she tried most other ways of easing the rising pressure in her bladder. She would lean forward, put her hands in her jeans pockets and pull them up tight between her legs, then push deeper into her pockets and hold her swelling bladder, trying to ease the worsening ache. The second time she did this, she looked at me in despair.

"It's already as swollen as I have ever felt it. I don't think it can hold much more, it's really starting to hurt. Suppose it gets worse on the bus? What if I can't hold it any longer?"

I put my arms round her. "You'll be OK, I know you will. It's hurting because it's stretching, and as long as it keeps stretching you can hold it. Bladders are meant to stretch, so just keep those muscles clenched tight."

She responded by snuggling close to me, which enabled her to hold her crutch without anyone else seeing, and this must have helped her keep control, because she survived until the bus came. As I paid our fares she hurried to the closest seat, keeping her hands in her pockets and pulling up her jeans as she walked. She squirmed and fidgeted about on the seat, muttering under her breath as she finally settled, legs in a knot, sitting partly sideways.

"I was banking on sitting on my foot, but there's not enough room," she whispered tersely to me, "it's difficult enough to even cross my legs."

Only a few minutes and she was squirming again, a grim, pained look on her face, then; "It's so desperate I can't stand it any longer. Try and cover me so nobody can see."

For a moment I though she meant she was going to wet herself, but instead she began to hold between her legs, so I turned as if to talk to her, at least blocking the view of the passengers sitting opposite. (And giving myself a better view of her desperation!)

It wasn't very long before Laura's other hand was also between her legs, and I could see that she had her fingers bunched together to get the absolute maximum pressure against her pee hole.

"Hurry up, bus!" she groaned at the next stop, "I'm frantic, I can't last much longer, oh please don't let there be any hold-ups on the way."

I did my best to find some words of encouragement, but she was reaching the state when nothing was going to be much help.

"Oh my stomach! It feels so swollen it must be going to explode."

"I'm absolutely bursting, the pee will come out of my ears soon."

"I must make myself hold it, just press, press, so hard it can't come out."

Laura was absolutely frantic to pee, fighting to contain herself and almost crying with the effort she was making, muttering encouragement to herself. 

Then she said more clearly "I must pee! I must pee! I'll have to wet myself if I can't get off the bus."

"No Laura, you can't pee yet, you've got to wait, we are almost home, just a few more minutes. I know you can hold it if you try." I wasn't going to let her give up if I could possibly stop it. Given half a chance I would have put my hand between her legs and helped her hold it, but that was not really the thing to do on a crowded bus.

By the time we reached our stop Laura was pressing so hard between her legs that she was almost standing up, and going "Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh.." with clenched teeth as she fought with all her strength to hold her pee. Then, amazingly, as we stood up, she stopped holding herself and walked off the bus doing no more than pulling up her jeans tight between her legs. We were clear of the bus and halfway to her flat before she gave up and clamped both hands between her legs again, giving a little jump as she did so to get even more pressure.

"I don't know how I managed to walk that far," she gasped, "every second I thought I was going to give way and pee. Now quick, get me home before I die of a burst bladder."

Indoors, she ran (hobbled) straight to the bathroom, doubling over, hands between her legs, as she saw the loo and the bucket, both offering her the relief her bladder was screaming for.

"Quick! Unlock me, let me pee. Oh please, hurry! I can't stand it another second."

"No way! not yet," I replied. "Two minutes ago you were walking off the bus unaided, so you can't be full yet. Calm yourself down and wait a bit longer.'

"You're getting a bit too agitated, I'll make you a cup of tea to calm you down, then you will feel better," I continued. Laura had wanted to be made to wait to her limit, and I was going to do my best to help her.

"No! Please!" she begged me. "You don't understand how desperate I am, I must pee!"

I ignored these pleas, led her into the kitchen, (why risk the living room carpet?) and began making the tea. Laura, seemingly resigned to wait, sat down, knotted her legs and bent forward with one hand in her crutch, closing her eyes as she struggled to control her pee. 

I put a large mug of tea in front of her; "Drink up, it will make you feel better. Don't even think about peeing until you've finished it."

She bent forward and took a sip. "It's too hot, I can't drink it for ages."

"Well, you will have to wait ages, then." I was being totally callous, as she had asked me to be, absolutely refusing to consider unlocking her jeans and letting her pee. This was also the first time in my life when I had control over a desperate woman, and could make her wait longer, more or less with her consent. I wanted to know just how much longer she would be able to last out. 

For the next twenty minutes I was treated to the sight of Laura doing everything she knew to hold back her pee. She demonstrated every desperation position I had ever known and then, as a last despairing attempt to wait, she tried a variation of holding I had never seen before. She turned her right hand sideways between her legs, the base of her thumb pressing against her pee hole, then grasped her fingers from behind to get even more pressure. This was desperation at a higher level that I had ever seen before, but there was more to come.

"Help me!" begged Laura, "help me press harder, stop it leaking out."

Laura's stomach was now very noticeably swollen, far more that I had seen it before. She winced as I rested on hand on the bulge. It was rock hard, her flesh stretched tight over her bladder, distended by the pressure of her pee, muscles so tensed she was almost shaking. "Don't touch, it's agony!" she said through clenched teeth. 

I held her wrist from the front, her fingers from behind, and pulled up, almost lifting off the ground, exerting tremendous pressure against her pee hole, which Laura confirmed by saying, "I can't possibly pee now, nothing could ever leak out against this pressure. If only it didn't hurt so much,"

This was a wonderful, frozen moment that I wanted to last for ever, but after five minutes Laura was reaching the limit of her endurance, and more tea was reaching her bladder. 

"Please, Please let me go now," she begged in a quiet, almost pathetic voice, "I don't want to wait any longer, it's hurting so much it's not fun any more."

I virtually carried her into the bathroom and undid the padlock on her jeans. I expected her to tear them off and pee, but she had found some more resolve, and asked me to take her clothes off while she continued to hold herself inside her knickers, flesh to flesh. Then she stood, naked from the waist, gritting her teeth as she held herself, determined to wait one more minute.

She crouched over the bucket, high enough that I would be able to watch her pee, and then, at long last, she took her hands away and let her pee gush out.

It really was the torrent she had hope for, a blast of pee just as she had demonstrated with the tap, that lasted for thirty two seconds, (I was timing her,) before the pressure died away to her normal stream, which just went on and on and on? another two minutes before the last spurts were finished and she collapsed onto her knees, hugging me round the waist.

"Oh the relief! At last I can relax. It feels so wonderful not to be fighting to hold it."

Then, she carried on, "I did it! It was a real blaster wasn't it? As good as I have ever heard, and what a pee to follow, it must have been a world record."

While she was recovering, and dressing, I measured her pee. Two and a quarter pints, 1,300 ml, almost twice her previous best, no wonder she had bulged so much.

Her stomach was still aching from the strain it had been under, so I carried Laura to bed and undressed her, and we lay there cuddling while she recovered from her ordeal. Now she was a 'blaster' she had only sympathy for the others she had heard peeing with the same force. "How can they survive, holding such pressure and act almost normally getting into 'Startrek?'" she asked. "They don't even hold themselves, but it took two of us to make me wait."

"More training?" I asked hopefully, "it will be easier to hold the next time, as your muscles develop."

"Never again," she replied, "it hurt too much to do it again voluntarily."

I could not resist the last word. "No gain without pain,"
