It was 4:10. Jessica knew that she couldn't be late coming home today. She was already grounded for sneaking her boyfriend into her room the night before, and if she was late today her mother would surely add more time to her punishment. She hustled to make the 4:15 bus even though she was a 10–minute walk from the bus stop. She walked taking very quick steps, hoping that she would make it just as the bus pulled up. Time seemed to pass faster, and she didn't seem to be reaching her destination quickly enough. She started to run for the bus stop through the cold air. The first day of fall and it was 55 degrees. Far too cold for the thin jacket and stretch jeans she had chosen to wear. As she made it to the bus stop, she spotted the bus turning the corner. "Just in time," she thought as she fumbled through her pockets for the fare. As the bus stopped, she hopped on board and paid the 50 cents required for students. She picked a spot close to the back and relaxed in the warm bus.
A few minutes into the ride, Jessica realized that she hadn't gone to the bathroom after she left tutoring. That was normally the time that she emptied her bladder before the 35–minute bus ride home. It was definitely full at this moment. "I knew I shouldn't have stopped to talk to Katie before leaving school. I would have remembered to go to the restroom." Although her bladder was full, she wasn't exactly desperate to use the bathroom. She knew that 35 minutes could take its toll on her bladder, and there was still a 10–minute walk in the cold before she was at home. She had never been in this situation before. Jessica always made sure that she emptied her bladder before she left because she had witnessed the horror of Julia, a girl who lived down the street, wetting herself as she tried in vain to unlock her front door. She knew that the experience must have been totally embarrassing to Julia, who sat near the front of the bus.
15 minutes later the bus ride was nearly over, but the pressure on Jessica's bladder grew more rapidly by the moment. She was squirming a little in her seat, but she was trying to hide her desperation. She didn't want anyone to know the situation she was in. She pressed her hands tightly between her thighs. 10 more minutes passed. She was in agony right now, bouncing in her seat. Her stop was up next, but every minute seemed more like an hour. The bus hit a few potholes, which made this experience seem like hell. Julia looked towards the back of the bus and she saw that Jessica had the same look on her face that Julia had the day of her accident. She felt sorry for Jessica, but there wasn't much she could do for her. Their stop finally arrived, and Jessica quickly shot up and exited the bus.
It had gotten colder since she was last outside, and this was making the situation 10 times worse. Jessica desperately wanted to run home, but she couldn't because the tight pants were causing pressure on her bladder. If she tried to run, she would be soaked before she made it to her house. She walked as fast as she could in this predicament. She was 4 minutes into the walk when a huge wave of pressure hit her and she had to stop walking. She shoved her hands between her legs hoping that it would relieve her desperation. It didn't. She leaked a little pee into her panties. It wasn't enough to show through her pants, but she did feel the wetness rubbing against her clenched vagina. She walked a little faster this time in agony because she was twice as desperate as before. She jammed her hand between her legs, making her desperation obvious to anyone who was on the street.
Finally her house was within her view. She got excited, and she removed her hand from between her legs and jogged to the pathway of her house. Another great wave of pressure hit her, and she tried to ignore it and run on the porch. As she reached the door, the pressure was too much and she squirted into her jeans for 3 seconds. She barely gained control of her bladder again. There was a visible wet patch in the crotch of her jeans. She searched through her purse nervously looking for her keys. Visions of Julia kept popping up in her head. She finally found her keys, unlocked the door, and ran in the house. "I am home!!!" She screamed as she snatched her jacket off. There was no answer, which meant that no one was home.
Jessica was halfway up the stairs when the third wave of pressure hit her. She began peeing full force into her jeans for about 4 seconds. The wetness had spread halfway down her thigh. She decided this time to make a run for it. She ran as quickly as she could for the bathroom. The bathroom was in reach, but the fourth wave of pressure did it for her. She stood as she wet her brand new stretch jeans. The pee ran out of her jeans onto the floor. She was totally soaking her jeans. A minute and a half later she was finished. There was pee everywhere. She took her jeans off, put on some sweats, and hurried to clean up the pee before her mother got home and she was in even bigger trouble.
Brianna