I have always been into desperation peeing and playing games.
I could not get my wife interested in it at all. One night we went to a new bar to listen to a friend's band play. Little did I know that the ladies' bathroom was under construction, as it was being completely remodeled. As the night went on and we were both drinking, my wife went to the ladies' room to go to the bathroom. She didn't say anything when she returned, but as the night went on I saw in her all the signs of desperation. I asked her what was wrong and she said that she had to pee!
She said that there were no stalls, just toilets with no dividing walls, and she couldn't go like that. I told her I would take her outside and let her go, but she said that she had never done that before and she didn't know how, and that she would rather wait. We sat there for about five minutes and I saw that she was more desperate then ever. I again asked her if she wanted to go outside and she said NO!
About ten minutes later she just bolted up and headed for the door! I got up and followed her. We got out by the car and she said that she had to go now and asked me to help her. There were people coming and going, so I had her walk a little ways toward a bunch of trees– I was also trying to make her wait a little longer.
Someone was getting out of a car close to the trees so she had to stand there and wait even a little longer. She did the best pee dance that I have ever seen and so of course I was hard as a rock by this time! The people finally left and I took her by the hand and lead her into the trees.
She had no clue as to what to do, as she never peed outside before. I looked around for a big tree to get her behind and left her standing and dancing. When I looked back, she had her pants and underwear around her knees with her hands shoved up to her pussy. She yelled to me to help her and I got behind her to hold her up and she squatted down to pee.
I put my hand under her so I could play with her while she peed. She saw that and told me to move it and not to touch her. I did move it and she started to pee and I put my hand over her pussy and felt the hot piss pour through my hand. She yelled at me again and I just kept my hand there anyhow. She finished and we went back inside. I noticed that she had all but stopped drinking for the night. When it was time to go we had to drive about 35 miles through the countryside to get to where we were staying for the night. About halfway there I stopped to take a leak and asked her if she had to go. She said she did, but that she could wait. I lied and told her we wouldn't get to where we were going for another 30 minutes, which she believed, as she didn't know the area.
She then got out to pee with me and again I helped her to squat down and put my hand under her to feel her pee. She yelled at me again but I didn't move my hand this time either, and she peed! We made it to where we were spending the night and she rushed in to use the bathroom and I asked her to wait. She asked why. I pulled my hard on out and said let's make love first.
She reluctantly agreed and we jumped into bed. I started to eat her out and she told me to stop it, as she really needed to pee now. I didn't stop and she yelled again as she was coming. She also peed a little bit and it tasted wonderful. She hadn't realized that she peed and then I got up to mount her. She said she had to pee first and I just kept on going anyhow and got my dick into her and started to pump away. We both came violently, and then she started to pee, and she knew it this time. She tried to stop it but couldn't. She got up and ran to the bathroom holding her hand over her pussy with pee gushing out.
All in all, it was a great night for me!
By: Alan Young