Good Idea (Part 1)
It was a hot day, hot even for the south of Spain, and the three girls were all feeling the heat. The three girls in question are Courtney – a brunette of around 5'8", Hannah – a blonde with an inch of height on Courtney, and Tiffany – another darker brunette of around 5'6". All three girls were slim and fairly lightly built. The three girls had gone to secondary school together, and having just finished sixth form, were enjoying their summer before they went away to university. They started with a trip to Spain – they were to spend several weeks in the country, joining various tour groups and being shown the sights.
On this particularly hot day, the girls were being shown around a museum. An old Englishman who now lived in Spain led the tour group. People joined him and walked off as they pleased as long as they met him at the final door in time. The system worked quite well, allowing guidance for people who needed it but giving everyone the freedom to walk where they wanted. To combat the heat, Hannah wore hot pants and a vest top, Tiffany was wearing a skirt and shirt and Courtney wore jeans and a top. They also found themselves drinking copious amounts of water to keep cool and not get dehydrated.
Because of this, it came as no surprise when Hannah announced: "I wonder where the toilets are in this place? I'm bursting!"
"Yeah, me too actually!" replied Tiffany. Courtney nodded too, obviously agreeing.
"Excuse me?" said Tiffany, walking up to the tour guide. "I was wondering where the ladies' room is here?"
"Oh, of course. Well the toilets in the building are closed for refitting at the moment..." began the old man. But as he saw their faces fall, he smiled. "Don't worry though, there's the public loos outside about 200 yards down the road, and I think they've put up some portable ones in the grounds on the other side of the building."
"Oh. Thank you."
"Don't forget we're leaving in an hour though – by the main gate."
"We won't. Thank you."
"Don't mention it."
As none of the girls very much liked the idea of porta–loos, all three of them started to climb down the stairs that would take them to the ground floor lobby with the main entrance.
"See, if this was England, they would just put a sign on the door saying 'Out of Order' and not bother to arrange any alternatives!" said Courtney.
"Yeah, I guess. Still, it's not like they arranged to have the public loos built there, is it–Wow! It's hot." Tiffany changed her train of thought mid–sentence as she stepped out of the building and into a wall of heat. The road in front of them appeared to shimmer. Instinctively, she took a swig of water from her bottle.
"I know what you mean...I feel like I'm melting!" said Courtney.
"Yeah, and me too. Let's get a wriggle on. No point in staying out here longer than we have to!"
At this, the girls sped up, more worried about burning their skin than anything else. Half way there, Hannah stopped walking, causing the other two to stop a conversation about whether a hat seriously prevented skin cancer.
"Are you okay?" asked Courtney.
"Yeah..." she mumbled. "I just REALLY need to use the toilet!"
"We all do, honey." Interjected Tiffany.
"Yeah I guess..." Hannah mumbled and adjusted her hot pants.
About a minute later, they arrived at the loos.
"At last!" said Hannah, who seemed to be suffering more than the other two as she hopped from foot to foot "I felt like I was gonna pee myself back there!"
The other two just laughed as they walked round the building looking for the customary "female" sign. In the end, they realised that there was only one door with the printed Spanish word for 'Toilet' on it. Stepping inside and spotting a row of urinals, the penny dropped that these toilets must be unisex – an unusual arrangement, but certainly not unheard of.
"Oh my God!" exclaimed Hannah as she saw the state of the toilets. In the heat, the smell had become quite unpleasant and to make matters worse, none of the cubicles seemed to have a working door. "We can't use these, they're disgusting."
"You're right. Shall we go back to the museum and find those portaloos?" said Tiffany, wrinkling her nose. Then she caught sigh of Courtney, who was smiling. "What are you looking so happy about, anyway? I thought you needed to go too?"
"I do." said Courtney. "But check this out!"
She undid the button at the top of her jeans and unzipped them. Pulling them down several inches, she revealed to the others what she was wearing underneath.
"Oh my god!" Hannah gasped, using her favourite phrase once again. "Is that a nappy?"
"What the hell?" Tiffany started to laugh.
"Think about it – we're in a hot country which means we'll be drinking a lot. None of us can go very long without needing the toilet, so I figured they might come in useful for this holiday!" countered Courtney, turning a little red but defiantly smiling.
"Yeah, I guess...." Tiffany admitted. "Still, not sure it'd have been my first choice..."
Courtney walked over to the mirror and sinks, and stood looking at herself with her legs slightly apart. The others saw her open her bag to find her hair brush and splash her face with cold water. Soon, they joined her to do the same.
"Ah that's fantastic!" said Courtney as the cold water touched her face. She left it to dry in the heat.
What they couldn't see, though, was that as she stood there, she had relaxed her muscles and felt herself starting to pee. At first it felt so strange, trying to undo all her toilet training and her subconscious kept stopping her but eventually the desperation won and she felt the warmth pooling inside the nappy.
Pretty soon, she found she didn't need to go any more – even when full, her bladder didn't really hold that much – and so she packed her hairbrush away and stood back.
"Well I'm done." she announced.
"Do you mean...?" Tiffany asked, packing her own brush away.
"The bitch means that she pissed into her diaper like a baby." Hannah snapped.
"Hey Han, there's no need to be nasty. You've got to admit, it was a good idea of hers...Han?" Tiffany spoke to her friend who seemed to have suddenly stopped paying attention. "Hannah, what's up?"
"I can't hold on! I'm going to piss myself!"
With a shriek, Hannah used her hands to hold herself. Tears started to fill her eyes as she felt a tiny stream force its way out and into her pink knickers. The stream soon stopped but Hannah felt unable to move her hand.
"Han?"
"Oh my God...I just pissed myself. I can totally feel my pants getting wet!" Hannah exaggerated.
"Well you can either stay there until some fat, balding Spaniard comes in and finds you, use those toilets or hold on. Personally, I'm going to hold on for the port–a–loos but watching you isn't making it any easier – perhaps you should go here. Me and Courtney will stand in front of you so nobody can see!"
"Yeah!" agreed Courtney. "No need to make it two of us who pissed our pants!"
Both the other girls laughed, though Hannah sounded a bit strained. "Oh God," said Hannah, as she stood up and flicked her hair behind her ear and carefully removed her hand. "Just don't make me laugh! And Courtney, I'm sorry for snapping and calling you a baby."
"That's alright. Now, are you going to go here or at the museum?"
"The museum." said Hannah with finality in her voice, though she could feel the substantial wet spot in her knickers and wondered if she could make it. "You know what Courtney...you had a good idea."
"Thanks. I have to carry mine around with me though!"
Again, all three girls laughed and they set off back to the museum. For whatever reason, Hannah felt okay as they started to walk back. She thought her little dribble had relieved her enough to make it the rest of the way and was feeling quite happy. Tiffany was fairly quiet and Courtney was (obviously) absolutely fine. As she walked she felt the thickness of the diaper between her legs. The comfort and security felt quite nice and, though she wouldn't admit it, it felt quite nice to have the thickness rubbing against her.
By the time they reached the doors, Hannah wasn't feeling so confident. Half way through the museum she paused as the strain of having to hold on became quite painful. As she started to move again, the wet spot inside her pants definitely got bigger.
"Guys?" she said. But neither of the others was paying her any attention. Both were looking at Tiffany, who seemed to have paused for the same reason.
"Ladies, come on! You both have about twenty metres to go. Don't stop now!" Courtney laughed and ran out ahead, holding the door open for them both. "And you'd better hurry! There's one free now and someone on their way to it!"
Both girls started to run. As they went through the door, Courtney keeled over with laughter, holding her sides, seeing the two desperate girls run. Tiffany was clearly going to get there first, and Hannah dropped behind and finally stopped with her hand between her legs. As Courtney caught up with her, Hannah sank to the ground. She had started to pee her knickers as she ran and had stopped, managing to hold it. As she stood there, holding herself, she found herself not able to stop it any longer. She sank to the ground as a steady stream pushed past her feeble attempts to hold it back. As her beige hot pants darkened at the crotch, she finally relaxed and let it all out. The ground soaked up the stream, and aside from the grass darkening a bit it was impossible to tell what had happened.
"Oh my god, that feels so good!" She exclaimed.
"Well, at least you're sat down and no one will see." laughed Courtney.
As Hannah finished, Tiffany opened the door and walked over to her friends. As she got nearer she could see what had happened.
"Oh Han! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to make that happen by racing you." She said.
Hannah blushed. "I guess I should just be better prepared in future. Like baby here." She motioned to Courtney. "This is gonna be so embarrassing when we get back to the tour!"
"Nah, it'll dry before then. We still have a half hour before we need to be back. Just stay here and sunbathe a bit," said Courtney.
"Yeah...and if it's any help, I didn't quite make it either!" Now Tiffany blushed. The other girls looked at her and she blushed even redder. "Look, I didn't quite get my pants down in time, that's all..."
Courtney started to laugh again. "So basically all three of us have wet ourselves today. At least I'm the comfiest...."
"Heh. That's probably true...Now, has anyone got a drink? I'm parched!" said Hannah as she stretched out, exposing herself to the sun.
To Be Continued...
If anyone has any comments or wants to encourage me to write a part two then please, do email. SwordfishalphaREMOVETHIS@mail.com
By: Swordfish