Priya's Revenge
	Note:  This story contains Female Desperation, Female Wetting, Masturbation, Foreplay, Bondage, Bed Wetting, and Sex.
By:  Full Bladder
 
Priya had called Kiran immediately after getting home from the mall. She had ran into the house ahead of her husband, Sukh straight into the washroom to change out of her new dress and full plastic panties. She had just gone through an embarrassing wetting accident at the mall and had filled her incontinence underwear again on the way home. Her bladder was in a severely weakened state during the ride back and she had struggled mightily not to overfill her panties for the second time that day.

In the washroom, Priya ripped off her panties creating a puddle on the tiled floor and seated herself on the toilet to empty her bladder. Sukh was outside the door, begging her to come out and make love to him, but Priya patiently waited until he had left despite being extremely horny and tempted to please her man. She pulled out her cell phone and called her younger sister for advice on how to handle the matter. Kiran's tip was not to have sex with him until he was sorry for what he had done to her.

Priya decided to take this idea a step further. She showered, redressed, and headed straight to a local sex shop. After consulting with the clerk there, she purchased a male chastity device that made it impossible to masturbate, or even sustain an erection. The penis shaped see-through gadget could be locked into place with a padlock and had 4 tiny holes at the front, which the man could pee through.

It ended up being quite easy to lock the device onto Sukh. Upon arrival home, Priya snuck up behind her husband watching TV on the couch and blindfolded him. She unzipped his pants, moaning about wanting his cock in her mouth. Finally, she clamped on the device, padlocked it in place, and walked away before he could even remove the blindfold.

To her surprise, Sukh was quite excited by idea of donning the chastity device. However, it was only a few hours later into the evening before he asked her to remove it. She refused and he went to sleep sexless and disgruntled. Priya quietly masturbated beside him, turned on by the control she now had over her partner. Sukh tried to get his wife to remove the device again the next morning so he wouldn't have to wear it to work, but she refused to budge. He briefly searched for the key to the padlock around the house with no luck. Poor Sukh had no idea just how hard things were going to get for him.

The inconvenience started with using the washrooms at work. It was impossible for Sukh to pee through the device without wetting the front of his pants, as he had discovered last night. Some coworkers happened to see him waiting for the occupied cubicle and then coming out a minute later after peeing. This resulted in him being butt of several jokes at the office, as people speculated why he preferred toilets to urinals. He made a mental note to avoid the washroom until the device was off. At the very least, he would have to spend enough time in the cubicle next time to justify going into it.

At home, Priya made it a point to make Sukh's life difficult. Anticipating his return home, she dressed herself in her tightest pair of jeans. She knew it was a matter of time before her man grew horny beyond his control and desperate for sexual release. She had a scheme to make him really regret what he had done to her. She began drinking liquids early on in the day, but at a slow pace knowing that timing and control over her body were crucial ingredients to Sukh's torture. With an hour to go before his arrival home, she was already very desperate and unsure if she could last until his arrival.

By the time Sukh's car pulled into the driveway, Priya had removed her top, allowing her boobs to hang out and jiggle as she hopped around in desperation. She had accidently squirted into her jeans several times, soaking them down to her knees. She barely managed to maintain the little control she had left as Sukh stepped out of the car and noticed his wife standing on the porch. Priya gasped sharply and released her pee into the faded jeans, emphasizing the relief she felt. Sukh's reaction was immediate and uncontrollable. He stopped in his tracks and grabbed his dick through his pants in intense pain. Priya knew exactly what was happening. The sight of his topless wife peeing herself had the predictable effect on Sukh, giving him an erection. However, the device he was wearing prevented his penis from expanding and erecting, creating an extremely painful sensation of tightness and captivity.

Smiling, Priya turned and walked back into the house deliberately as she finished peeing herself on the wood planks below. She knew Sukh would not be able to resist looking at her wet ass, despite the painful consequences. It was a full five minutes before Sukh was able to make it inside the house and seat himself at the dinner table for the Indian feast Priya had prepared for them. He begged his still-wet wife to unlock him, but she refused. Her plan wasn't even close to completion yet.

Later that evening while her husband was in the shower, Priya dressed herself in the sexiest lingerie she could find and waited eagerly on the bed. Her bladder was quite full again and she was feeling very horny. As Sukh opened the washroom door, Priya started rubbing herself vigorously through her panties. He quickly forced his penis down with his hand, trying to prevent another 'erection' and hurried towards the bedroom door. Priya had thought ahead and jammed it from the other side with a chair. Sukh was stuck. Hearing his wife's loud moans increased the size of his manhood rapidly, but seeing her squirt heavily through her panties upon orgasm really brought on the excruciating pain.

Priya smiled warmly at her suffering husband before clapping her hands to turn out the light and rolling over to go to sleep. It ended up being nearly ten minutes before the pain had subsided to the point where Sukh was able to lie down. He fell asleep unsatisfied and ended up waking several times from the pain of morning wood starting to materialize under the chastity device.

Finally, after being awakened painfully for the third time that night at 6:20, Sukh had enough. He found two pieces of rough rope in the garage and bound his wife's hands to the bedposts before she was even fully awake. He grabbed a family size carton of orange juice from the fridge and brought it back to the bedroom. Priya was awake now and fully aware of what was going to happen to her, but hardly cared. She had already considered this possibility and knew whatever Sukh put her through would undoubtedly turn him on and end up being more painful for him than it was for her.

She was right. After just two days of the chastity device and Priya's teasing, Sukh was so horny that he had to pause in the act of forcing her to drink the orange juice. Vivid thoughts of his wife helplessly wetting their bed were filling his mind. However, he was quite determined to get through this process of torturing her and continued after a moment of adjusting himself. He had to try and force her into unlocking him before he left for work.

Priya needed to pee quite badly after such a deep sleep brought on by her massive orgasm the night before. Drinking juice on an empty stomach wouldn't help matters. However, she knew she had no choice but to fight her husband's efforts- this was all a ploy to get his cock out of that plastic cage. She would sooner piss her panties before she caved in to his bullying. Gulping down so much juice left Priya feeling bloated and helpless. She watched Sukh get ready for work; it was a slow process with him checking up on her every few minutes. By 7:45, Priya was struggling to keep her panties dry. Her legs were tightly crossed and she was grinding her ass into the bed in desperation. Sukh had purposely waited until the last possible minute to negotiate with her.

"OK honey, I need to go to work now. You want to tell me where the key to the padlock is before I leave?"

Priya dug in with all her mental strength to shake her head. How she longed to comply with his demands just so she could get to the toilet!

Sukh wasn't giving up yet. "Are you sure? I'll untie you from the bed right now if you tell me. Otherwise I'll be on my way to work and you're going to be stuck here for who knows how long." He reached into his wife's crotch and gently ran his finger along the panty line inside her leg down to her vagina. Priya moaned and wriggled desperately, but Sukh felt the familiar sensation of an erection forming and stopped. Priya smiled slyly, knowing the chastity device had forced him to stop.

Frustrated at not being able to change Priya's mind, Sukh got up and left the room. Priya had half a mind to call him back, but willed herself to stay silent. She continued to wriggle on the bed as Sukh started the car outside. Once she heard him exit the driveway, she decided it was pointless to try to contain her pee any longer and relaxed her vaginal muscles. She soaked her panties and the bed underneath, peeing for over a minute. She urinated at a torrid rate, much faster than the mattress could absorb, forming a large yellow puddle on the bed. Completely relieved and tired from being awoken at such an early hour, Priya went back to asleep in her drenched bed.

She woke up three hours later to the sound of the phone ringing. Unable to answer it, she waited for the answering machine to do its thing. Her surroundings were still wet and the strong smell of pee filled the bedroom. She needed to pee again and considered releasing it on the already soiled sheets, but the voice of her husband interrupted her thoughts. "Hey Sweetie, I know you can't talk to me right now, but I wanted to let you know I'll be home for lunch today. I know that by now you've wet the bed and are probably thinking that there's not much else I can do to you, but you're wrong. Please think about giving me the key when I get home in an hour or so, because you'll be saving yourself a lot of trouble."

Priya couldn't help from giggling at the message. The chastity device was clearly causing all sorts of problems for Sukh if he was going through so much trouble to get it off. Priya's vagina tingled with excitement as she thought about what Sukh might have planned for her. She clenched her legs together tightly, enjoying the friction of the wet panties against her clitoris. Her thoughts returned to her bladder and she opened her legs to soak the bed again.

As promised, Sukh returned one hour later. Priya was beginning to get bored and longed to remove herself from the pissy surroundings, but her troubles were nothing compared to Sukh's. The sight of his wife in the wet bed made him halt abruptly for the umpteenth time that day, as he struggled to fight off an erection. He had been excited at work all morning long, unable to keep his mind off the situation at home, which had resulted in his penis throbbing painfully. If his wife didn't remove the device soon, his coworkers and clients would undoubtedly figure out there was something odd going on inside his pants.

Sukh waited for a sign of surrender from his wife. When none came, he went into the kitchen and returned with a large water bottle filled to the brim. Once again he forced Priya to consume the liquid before addressing her calmly.

"I've got one hour before I have to get back to work. By then, you will be pretty close to peeing yourself again. Here's the deal- I'm going to start taking pictures of you and set up the video camera so that when you pee yourself again, it'll all be on tape. Now you can tell me where the key is or have all your friends see you peeing your pants." He picked up Priya's cell phone from the side table and waved it threateningly.

Priya opened her mouth to protest, but quickly clammed up again. She had promised herself that she wouldn't let Sukh off the hook until he apologized for what he had done and she was going to stick by that no matter what. Sukh, seeing that his wife wasn't changing her mind, snapped some quick pictures of her on his phone and went to fetch the video camera. He had everything set up and filming in ten minutes. Priya could already feel her bladder filling up again. Not wanting to get any more aroused than he already was, Sukh left the room to make himself a quick lunch and read the newspaper.

Half an hour later, Priya had started wiggling again. Her bladder was exhausted from the morning's hold and she knew from experience the second wetting always happened quicker than the first one. She called out to Sukh, wanting him to see her begging to be released, but not really in any mood to make a deal with him. She was really starting to enjoy this cat and mouse game. She called again, wondering if he would come or just avoid her altogether so that he wouldn't get excited again.

Sukh entered the room five minutes later after a few more yells from Priya. He immediately grabbed his manhood after seeing how desperate his wife had gotten, but his facial expression told Priya he had failed to prevent the pain. This fuelled her desperation act and she started begging to be released. "Please let me goooooo! I'm going to pee my panties!" she cried shakily.

"Are you ready to tell me where the key is, then? Or should we wait until we have you pissing your bed on tape?" Sukh replied, with a gesture towards the camera.

"NOOOOOOO! Please, I need to go NOW! I won't be able to hold it long enough for you to undo your lock!" It was total bullshit excuse coming from a girl in a completely soaked bed, but good enough to keep the game going. Priya's desperation was increasing quickly- her bladder seemed to be filling at an alarming rate. She had her pussy clenched tightly to prevent any squirting. She was certain Sukh could see her vaginal lips quivering under her tight, wet panties. She would definitely have to watch the video once this was all over.

Sukh paused thoughtfully, not sure what to do. Priya felt herself squirt into her panties and struggled to stem the flow. "Look, I don't want us to do this to each other anymore. I'm sorry about making you pee yourself in the mall for my own kicks. Can we please just call this whole thing off now?" He walked towards his wife and took hold of the knotted rope binding her wrist.

Priya hesitantly agreed. The last thing she wanted was the game to stop at that point, but she had told herself she would stop once Sukh apologized. She knew he was in severe physical pain and desperately wanted release. As much as she loved pee play, bondage, and torture, her love for her husband was too strong to continue against his wishes. As he undid the first knot, Priya grabbed her crotch to prevent any more leakage. Once she was completely free, she hobbled towards the kitchen to retrieve the key she had hidden in the freezer. Sukh was in pain again, helplessly excited at seeing his wife hobbling around in such desperation, while still putting off a visit to the toilet. He sat down on the bed, eagerly waiting for her to return with the key.

Priya had other plans. When she returned to the bedroom, she sat down on Sukh's lap and held the key away from her body. The combination of pain from the chastity device and the weight of his wife on his lap made it impossible for Sukh to reach out and snatch it from his wife. Priya relaxed her vaginal muscles and soaked Sukh's trousers. He felt the hot pee soak into his lap and onto his cock and balls through the chastity device. He gasped sharply from the unbearable pain of a massive boner being supressed. Priya peed relentlessly as her husband panted in excruciating pain, trying to somehow disregard the fact that his stunningly hot wife was peeing on his genitals through her panties.

When Priya had relieved herself and gotten up off his lap, Sukh could curled into a ball on the bed and clutched his crotch in the worst pain of his life. He felt like was going to pass out. His penis was straining to erect itself and there was nothing he could do to stop it, no matter how much pain it caused him. Feeling terrible for what she had done, Priya quickly ripped off his sopping wet dress pants and opened the padlock. She tore apart the device and a huge erection immediately formed before her eyes. Sukh sighed with relief, finally free from the horrible piece of hard plastic he had been trapped in for two very long days.

Priya took hold of the massive throbbing organ and directed it into her mouth. She could feel her husband's sexual frustration get released in heavy sighs as she licked hungrily, tasting the sweet blend of her own pee and her hubby's pre-cum. She bobbed her head up and down aggressively, feeling his rock-hard manhood rub up against the roof of her mouth. He gripped her long black hair to help her through the motions while she clenched his ass tightly for support. In his state of extreme horniness, it wasn't long before he came. Sukh shot a massive load into his wife's mouth, which she happily swallowed. A few more hard pumps and he fell back on the bed exhausted.

A few minutes passed before Priya spoke. "You're going to be late for work, dear." Sukh checked his watch and realized he only had five minutes to get back to the office. He swiftly redressed and bolted out of the room, giving his gorgeous wife a quick kiss on the lips. Smiling, Priya walked to the video camera and stopped the recording. She took the camera off the stand and carried it to the computer to take care of her own needs.
