Golden Rules
	Ready for University, Gabriella is in for a big, wet surprise!
Author: peemypanties

Disclaimer: *This story contains themes of an extremely sexually explicit nature. Every single character in this story is 18 and above. This story deals with everything pee. If you don't like that sort of thing, you really won't like this story.*

Part 1

I hated going to new schools. They always intimidated me, and I never seemed to make any good friends. My parents had decided to send me away to a University boarding school. They didn't like the sounds of community colleges, so they opted to send me away for the entire year. To the middle of butt-fuck nowhere. How pleasant.

The driver of the Lincoln sedan pulled up and came to a stop in front of the two biggest wooden doors I had ever seen. They were enormous! They looked as if they needed a crew of ten men just to get them open. The driver set my bags down beside me and held out his arm, gesturing towards the school.

"St. Luke's, Miss, we've arrived. May I be of assistance with the luggage?"

Staring up at the school I shook my head. This was my new home from now on. It was a school for girls 18 over, kind of like an in between of high school and college.

"No I'm fine. I can handle them myself."

The driver nodded, and with that he drove away, leaving me in front of what had to be the most sinister looking school on the continent.

I struggled with the giant doors, and after managing to wrestle them open I dashed inside as they began to close very quickly behind me. They shut with a loud echoing boom that resonated throughout the hall. I hoped that the dorms were not nearby as I probably woke everyone up at this ungodly hour. The hallways were decorated in a Victorian style. Real candles burned on golden holders that were lined along the wall down the entire length of the hall. Every ten meters or so there was an arch in the hall way that was decorated exquisitely with dark reddish wood. The designs were very floral looking and very complicated looking. It must have cost an absolute fortune to send me here.

As there was no use standing around gaping at the walls, I began my walk down the long corridor. There were no signs anywhere indicating where the office might be. I decided to knock on the first door I saw. Sharp footsteps echoed in the room before the door opened. Before me stood a girl who was straightening out her school uniform, pressing her plaid skirt down.

"Can I help you?" she asked me rather rudely. I supposed I did look a little out of place, standing in the hall with a suitcase in my hand. I shook my head and apologized.

"I'm sorry, but I can't seem to find the main office? Could you please direct me which way to go?" the girl rolled her eyes, obviously bothered by this simple request. She leaned against the frame of the door and crossed her arms. Lifting one finger she pointed down the hall.

"Go straight until you come to the very end of this hall, make a left and you will see two grand double doors. Behind them is the main office. And next time, I suggest you don't go knocking on random doors." And with that she shut the door in my face.

Well! I knew how to make enemies quickly, now to see if I could pass that skill onto making friends.

Once inside the office I was instructed to sit and wait in the lounge chair area. There were a couple magazines lying about, but nothing that captured my interest. Five minutes later a woman emerged from a doorway and indicated to come forth.

I obliged.

"Miss White, I presume?" she took her seat behind the giant desk at the far end of the room. The office was decorated richly. The curtains that were draped on the window fell to the floor, the fabric pooling on the dark red carpet.

Bookshelves lined the entire room, and each shelf was crammed full with books. I'd never seen this many outside of a library before.

"Gabriella White, yes. I'm new."

Of course I was new, what a stupid thing to say to this woman. She gave me a look and pulled a few papers from her desk. She pushed them towards me and placed a pen on top. I glanced at the papers. Simple forms that had to do with dorm rooms, food and classes.

"Please fill these out here, right now. Once you're done we will take you to the seamstress. Your school uniform must be worn at all times while on campus. Although, you won't be going anywhere else during your stay here, so don't get your hopes up."

I quickly filled out the forms, passed them back to the woman, and leaned back in the chair. She scanned over the papers and stood up.

"Excellent. Follow me Miss White."

The seamstress's office looked like a bomb had gone off in a fabric store. There were bits of fabric, buttons, zippers and white blouse material lying everywhere. I carefully walked about, not wanting to step on anything. The woman herself was a thin lady, about 35. She couldn't have been doing this job for very long. She eyed me up and down.

"Such a skinny little thing, and we don't have anything left in your size. You'll have to make due with something else while I sew you something more suitable." She quickly took my measurements, jotted them down, and then disappeared amongst the racks of clothes and fabrics to find a temporary outfit.

She came back with a plaid skirt, white blouse, a navy scarf and a black blazer.

"Your shoes will do for now, I will have to order you in a pair. What size do you take, dear?"

"37." I replied.

She jotted that down quickly as well. I glanced at the uniform lying on the table and took in its dimensions. There was no way that was going to fit me! The skirt itself looked like it was going to fall an inch below my butt! There was no way this was going to pass the school policy. But she soon shooed me out the door, muttering to herself about god knows what.

"Your dorm is located on the seventh floor of this building. Go upstairs, get changed and make your way to the dining hall for lunch. Your classes will be on this sheet" she passed me a piece of paper and quickly added "Do not be late."

With that she left me. Was this how all new students were treated?

Once in my dorm I stripped out of my day clothes and into my uniform. I was accurate with my observations; the skirt was much too short. It fell just two inches below my ass, and if I bent over I was sure to give anyone an excellent view of my backside. The blouse buttoned just enough to put too much pressure on the buttons. Staring in the mirror I held the scarf. Where in the world was I supposed to put this? I tried to imagine where it could go, and decided on my ponytail. I tied it in a neat little bow. With my blazer buttoned up I looked like a real school girl.

The lunch hall was incredibly hard to find, but after many wrong turns I managed to stumble across it. There were long tables stretched out the length of the room. There was a kitchen along the left side where the food was served. Grabbing a lunch tray I got into line.

"You're new here, aren't you?" came a voice behind me. She sounded nice enough. There was nothing in her voice that I could detect that was alarming.

I turned towards the girl. She wore the same outfit as me, only her blazer was white and her skirt was longer. Lucky. I couldn't help but feeling like the worst dress one there, even though we basically all wore the same thing.

"Yes, I'm new." I answered in my friendliest tone. Might as well try to make friends the first day. She smiled and held out her hand.

"I'm Chelsea. Pleased to meet you."

I shook her hand.

"I know it can be slightly daunting to be a brand new student in a school like this, so I am extending an invitation to sit at my - our table." I was confused.

"Our table?" I asked, pointing to myself like an idiot.

"My friends, over there."

She pointed to a group of girls at the farthest end of the room. Wow, lucky break. Not having to sit alone first day. This would make the rest of the year much easier.

"Um- sure, I don't see why not." I smiled.

I was served my food and making my way to the table when a loud buzzer played overhead. Chelsea's shoulders sagged as she turned to me. I gave her a confused look.

"What was that about?" I asked as she started to walk towards the doors. I set my tray down on a table nearby and grabbed the apple. I could munch on it on the way to class.

"Lunch is over, class time. You can meet the girls at dinner though. What's your first class?"

I glanced at my schedule. University calculus, excellent.

"Calculus with Mrs. Peters." Chelsea looked excited once I said it.

"Wicked, same here! This is going to be much easier."

I had no clue what she was talking about. I had never had anyone be this interested in being my friend on the first day. Maybe these students were here for a reason..

***

I was shocked when I entered the class room. Normally, I'd expect a teacher that's old and dumpy. This teacher had to be maybe ten years my senior. And she was wearing the exact same uniform as us! What the hell? I couldn't mutter two words out of my mouth before Chelsea dragged me to a desk near the back. I looked at and whispered "Why is she wearing a school uniform? Is she not the teacher?"

Chelsea didn't say anything and pointed to the front of the class. I turned. The entire class was already seated, staring straight ahead. I quickly followed suit.

"Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for being prompt. A few quick notes before we begin today; we have a new student with us. Her name is Gabriella White. Please welcome her as one of our own."

A few students turned to smile but most stayed in their seats. It was horribly awkward being put in the spot light, but I'd gone through it so many times already I was used to it. As soon as the lesson began I drifted off. Calculus was my worst subject, and for a good reason too. I could never pay attention to anything. I managed to scrape by every year, but only by a small margin.

I was staring at the blackboard aimlessly when a faint noise caught my ears. It sounded like a TV that has been turned on to an empty station. It was so faint I had to strain to pick up on it. Scanning the room with my eyes I tried to pinpoint its location. I stopped when I reached the front of the classroom. I had to double take to realize what I was seeing. It couldn't possibly be. Looking around the room, I tried to find someone who wore the same expression I was. But to no avail, there wasn't a single person who was finding this as bizarre as I was.

She was peeing.

Right through her panties and onto the carpet below. I couldn't believe my eyes! How could she not notice? How could she not be embarrassed? Then again, how did anyone else not notice? I stared incredulously as she turned around to answer a few questions the students had. She was still peeing, absolutely soaking the carpet below. I simply could not understand what was going on.

After a few seconds she stopped peeing without missing a heartbeat in her lecture. I looked back at the carpet which had apparently absorbed the puddle completely because it was perfectly dry. This was so strange. I glanced at Chelsea, who was staring straight ahead, taking her notes diligently.

This must be an everyday occurrence. That was the only logical option. After a few minutes I calmed myself down and tried to pay attention to the lecture.

I began to hear the hiss again. I stared at Mrs. Peters but it wasn't her. Now a student was peeing? I looked around and my eyes landed at a girl sitting a few desks away hear the front of the class. From her chair pee was dripping. As soon as it touched the floor, the carpet began absorbing it up again.

Did people here just pee where they stood, no matter what? How was this allowed? Chelsea again gave me no indication whatsoever. This was just too weird. Soon after the bell rang. The girl who had peed herself stood up. I could see plain as day a wet spot on the back of her skirt. A few of her friends came up and began talking with her. None of them pointed out her skirt.

Now was my chance to talk to Chelsea.

"What in the world was that? Did you see Mrs. Peters? She peed herself!" I whisper yelled this, barely able to contain myself. Chelsea nodded, completely at ease.

"This is going to sound really strange, but the headmaster doesn't allow anyone to use the restrooms to pee. Only for number two. If you have to pee, you must do it wear you are at that very moment. No exceptions. That is why the entire school is lined with this carpet."

I looked at her, absolutely blown away.

"Those are the rules. You don't want to break them, trust me."

What kind of rules were those ones? How did the headmaster get away with this sort of behaviour?

"But, where does it go?" I asked. She gave me a look.

"To the sewers, then the carpets are sanitized automatically from below. I don't know how to explain it."

She sounded slightly annoyed by the end. She snatched my schedule away and compared it with her own.

"You witnessing it is a much better way to break it to new kids than by telling them. And you have English Lit with me next, so let's go."

Once in the English class I saw we had a male teacher. He resembled Mrs. Peters in her youthfulness. The class seated themselves before he began the lesson.

"We're going to start off where we ended yesterday, with scene five act 8 of the play."

Oh my goodness.

I was going to pass out in this class if I had to watch a play. Unless of course someone peed themselves. As the play dragged on, nothing interesting happened. I sat with my head in my hand, my elbow beginning to ache from resting it on the hard surface of my desk. I shifted in my seat and felt a tell-tale sign in my lower abdomen.

Oh no, I needed to go, and there was no way I was peeing in my seat. I raised my hand slowly. Noticing my sudden question, the young teacher held up a hand to pause the play, pointing at me.

"Yes, Miss White?" he asked.

I squirmed in my seat, uncomfortable at everyone staring at me, especially Chelsea.

"I need to - um - go to the bathroom. For.. you know.." I said it quietly, not knowing the reaction I was going to receive. He nodded at me understandingly.

"Of course, go right ahead."

With that I dashed out of the room, looking for the closest bathroom. Finally finding one at the end of the hall, I rushed in, only to be grabbed from behind and slammed against the wall.

It was Chelsea. She held my shoulders firmly against the wall in the corridor.

"Chelsea, what are you doing?" I asked, trying to push her off me, but she only pressed me harder against the wall. I glanced around, trying to see if there were any cameras. I spotted one in the corner of the hallway to my right. It was pointed directly at us. I tried to mouth the words help to it but Chelsea forced my head to look at her.

"What are you trying to do? I'm not harming you. I just know what you're about to do, and I am please warning you to not do it. The rules are strictly enforced here; it's not worth the risk!" Chelsea pleaded with me. She let her grip relax a little, but she was still holding me firmly in place. I shook my head.

"I can't pee myself, Chelsea, it's too strange. I'm not used to this kind of thing!"

Chelsea let me go suddenly. She gave me one last pleading look.

"Please, Gabriella. I know you're new here but the headmistress will not exert any kind of relief."

I felt my bladder about to burst at that point and dashed into the girls' washroom. I locked myself into a stall and relieved myself. Oh that felt so much better. Chelsea was probably just playing a trick on me. What a weird rule. It was probably an initiation sort of thing.

I left the bathroom and entered an empty hallway. There was no one coming to punish me, no one would know. I made my way back to class, sat down and played it cool. This was bizarre, having to act non-guilty when I only went to the bathroom.

Sooner than later, it felt, class ended. I left the room only to be pulled aside by Chelsea again. Though she didn't slam me against the wall this time. She seemed worried.

"Alright, I thought about it, and the least I can do is prepare you for this. You're going to get punished in some way, but you mustn't disobey the headmistress. Just do as she says and it will go much smoother for you.

I nodded. Yeah right, I'd just call the cops if she did something crazy. English Lit was the last class of the day. Since I'd arrived late in the school day I'd only attended half of my total classes. I made my way back to my dorm. As I stepped in my room I nearly jumped a foot in the air.

Sitting on my bed was the same lady I met before. She must be the headmistress. I closed my door behind me. What was she doing in my room, sitting on my bed! This school just got stranger and stranger.

"Hello Gabriella. How was your first day at St. Luke's? Did it exceed your expectations?"

She asked as if she was truly interested, but I detected a hint of wickedness in her voice. I stood at her and simply nodded. She pulled her lips in a smile that resembled a slight smirk.

"I do admit, I hadn't recited the policies of our institute to you upon your arrival. How horribly unfair of me, Miss White. I apologize."

I breathed an internal sigh of relief. Thank god, she understood my situation. Chelsea had been lying to me. I let my stance relax a little bit. The headmistress stared at me, examining me from head to toe. She clicked her tongue, shaking her head.

"Your uniform is much too big for you, Gabriella. Don't you agree with me?"

I stared at her in disbelief. What? My skirt was already way too short. And the blouse was verging on way too tight. I shook my head.

"No, ma'am it's much too sma-"

"I'll let the seamstress know that she needs to alter the uniform she is making for you. In fact, I think I have something for you right now."

She then reached down on the floor, opened up her handbag and pulled out a different uniform. I couldn't believe I was being asked to wear that! She held a skirt that was probably two and a half inches shorter than mine already. My ass was sure to be showing now!

The blouse looked the same, but I suspected it wasn't going to do up properly. I gave her my best pleading look, she shook her head at me.

"This will do just fine for you, Miss White. If you could remove your blazer and give it to me, please. You won't be needing that."

I slowly unbuttoned it and passed it over to her. Might as well cooperate at least. She smiled and stood up from the bed promptly. As she passed by me she turned and stared me directly in the eyes.

"Tomorrow you are to do exactly as your teachers tell you to. One toe out of line and you will regret the moment you walked onto this campus."

I think I already did.

She stood up and composed herself. Giving me one last chilly smirk, she left the room. I stood on the spot for a good five minutes before taking a seat on the bed. I grabbed the skirt and held it up in front of me. This was going to be pure humiliation for me tomorrow! Everyone would be staring at me.

I lied down on my bed, closing my eyes for a brief moment. Before I knew it, my alarm was shrieking in my ear beside me.

7:15 flashed at me from my bedside table. I had fifteen minutes to do my hair, makeup and put on that ridiculous uniform.

Once my hygiene routine was completed, I removed my slept in uniform and pulled on the new miniskirt. My ass was visible beneath it, if you stared hard. Any slight bend at the waist and I was going to moon someone. I tried to button up the blouse all the way, but the last three buttons at the top were not going to reach each other. My tits were literally popping out of this shirt. I was never going to live this moment down. I looked like a street walker.

Grabbing my bag I headed out the door, down and the stairs and into the bustling hall way. No one stopped to stare at me, but everyone I passed took glances my way. They knew it, I knew it, I looked like a whore. And this was my second day of classes. I found my first class of the day, Bio Chem, near the rear of the building. I got two steps inside the room, and was grabbed by the arm. It was the prof, and he pulled me towards the front of the class. I stared at him pleadingly. I did not want to be humiliated a second time.

"Students if you would please pay attention, quickly now."

Slowly a silence took over the room as every head was turned to look at me. I gulped, feeling like a bug under a microscope.

"Gabriella has chosen to forgo the rules of this fine institute. And I know we are all well aware of what happens to such people when they have such disregard for the rules."

Everyone nodded at this. The prof spun me around, steering me towards his desk. He pointed beneath it.

"Get underneath the desk, Gabriella." I stared at my teacher in disbelief! This was harassment! I stood perfectly still, and he took a menacing step forward.

"I said get on your knees, under the desk!"

I stared around the room, no one was coming to my aid, but they were all looking at me. I slowly knelt down and got underneath the desk. He then walked forward, sat in his chair pulling himself as close to the desk without hitting me, and began the lesson. Was this the punishment?

My legs were soon becoming numb from sitting on them for so long.

A hand crept underneath the desk and went towards the fly of the pants. I stared as it was unzipped and from in the pants came the most enormous dick I'd even seen. It pointed at me and began to trickle a little.

The teacher was going to pee, with me under the desk! Didn't he remember I was here? I moved as far as I could to the side when the stream slowly picked up speed. It hit my leg, soaking my shoes. I squirmed, I was getting peed on! The stream crept up my leg and stopped before it got to my skirt. My legs were soaked with pee by the time the stream stopped. He then pushed back from the desk and reached under to pull me out. He stationed me directly in front of the class, who all stared at my wet legs. I was so ashamed by this point.

"Whoever requires her, just grab her. You can do whatever you like, within the rules."

I stared at the class and watched as a girl near the back raised her hand. The teacher pushed me in her direction. I stood in front of her desk.

"Get on your knees, under my desk. And hurry up I've had to go since this morning."

I mentally prepared myself and got down beneath the desk. I tried to sit as far away as I could. The girl spread her legs and gave me a view of her crotch. She wasn't wearing any panties! I looked away instantly. Soon enough a slow stream started and fell in between my legs. She reached down to grab her pussy, aiming the stream higher and higher. Soon it began to wet the front of my tiny skirt. The material in front was no sooner soaked when she aimed higher, aiming for my belly button.

I tried to move backwards when someone shoved me forwards. I turned to look, and the student in front of this girl had reached down to shove me back. As they did the stream fell on my breasts, soaking the material and giving everyone a good show of my black bra. Soon enough the flow stopped. Someone called out my name.

"Gabriella, Thomas needs you." Called the teacher.

I got up and walked along the back of the class. I reached his desk. Looking me up and down the boy pointed to underneath his desk. I knelt down.

"Lay underneath my desk, on your back. Your head right centre, please."

I couldn't believe my ears. As I turned over on my back I closed my eyes. I soon felt a warm stream hit me on the chest, soaking my blouse, the liquid trickling to my neck and falling down the sides. The stream worked its way up my neck, and then slowly around the contours of my face. It hit my hairline only, soaking my hair with his pee.

A weird shock went through my body. It flowed directly to my pussy, which I could feel was getting a little wet. What in the world?! Was this turning me on in some weird way? No sooner had I thought that when the flow stopped when the bell rang suddenly. I was so ashamed, covered with someone else's pee! My uniform was soaked in the front, the back was still dry. Everyone was sure to notice in the hallways.

I waited for the class to empty before I made my way out. I was grabbed by the arm again, and I nearly let out a sob.

"You can wait an extra five minutes." The prof said, pulling me back towards the desk again.

This time though, he didn't make me sit underneath it. He sat down, lacing his fingers together. I watched as he leaned back, almost satisfied with himself. I wanted to punch him.

"I realize that this ordeal has been a little strange for you. But, what can I say."

He smirked at me. I didn't return the gesture.

"A dry uniform will be in your dorm by now. Let this serve as a warning to the next time you think you want to break the rules, Miss White."

He waved his hand at me, dismissing me. I ran out of the class and dashed in the direction of the dorms. This sucked. This just fucking sucked. Two days here and I'd witnessed three people pee themselves, and got peed on by three strangers. I'd never experienced something so foreign. But with that last warning, at least I would never need to go through that ordeal again.

